Michael I. Roth	title	Chairman	Michael I. Roth, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Michael I. Roth	title	Chief Executive Officer	Michael I. Roth, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Frank Mergenthaler	title	Executive Vice President	Frank Mergenthaler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Frank Mergenthaler	title	Chief Financial Officer	Frank Mergenthaler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Philippe Krakowsky	title	Executive Vice President	Philippe Krakowsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, 
Philippe Krakowsky	title	Chief Strategy and Talent Officer	Philippe Krakowsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, 
Andrew Bonzani	title	Senior Vice President	Andrew Bonzani, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Andrew Bonzani	title	General Counsel	Andrew Bonzani, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Andrew Bonzani	title	Secretary	Andrew Bonzani, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Christopher Carroll	title	Senior Vice President	Christopher Carroll, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, 
Christopher Carroll	title	Controller	Christopher Carroll, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, 
Christopher Carroll	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Christopher Carroll, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, 
Julie M. Connors	title	Senior Vice President	Julie M. Connors, Senior Vice President, Audit and Chief Risk Officer, 
Julie M. Connors	title	Audit	Julie M. Connors, Senior Vice President, Audit and Chief Risk Officer, 
Julie M. Connors	title	Chief Risk Officer	Julie M. Connors, Senior Vice President, Audit and Chief Risk Officer, 
Ellen T. Johnson	title	Senior Vice President	Ellen T. Johnson, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, 
Ellen T. Johnson	title	Treasurer	Ellen T. Johnson, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, 
Ellen T. Johnson	employee_of	Finance	Ellen T. Johnson, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, 
Anthony G. Alexandrou	title	Senior Vice President	Anthony G. Alexandrou, Senior Vice President of Global Taxation, 
Anthony G. Alexandrou	employee_of	Global Taxation, 	Anthony G. Alexandrou, Senior Vice President of Global Taxation, 
Simon Bond Senior	title	Vice President	Simon Bond Senior, Vice President, Chief Growth Officer, 
Simon Bond Senior	title	Chief Growth Officer	Simon Bond Senior, Vice President, Chief Growth Officer, 
Heide Gardner	title	Senior Vice President	Heide Gardner, Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer, 
Heide Gardner	title	Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer	Heide Gardner, Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer, 
John Halper	title	Senior Vice President	John Halper, Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer, 
John Halper	title	Chief Information Officer	John Halper, Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer, 
Richard J. Haray	title	Senior Vice President	Richard J. Haray, Senior Vice President, Corporate Services, 
Richard J. Haray	employee_of	Corporate Services	Richard J. Haray, Senior Vice President, Corporate Services, 
Joe Kelly	title	Senior Vice President	Joe Kelly, Senior Vice President, Talent, 
Joe Kelly	employee_of	Talent	Joe Kelly, Senior Vice President, Talent, 
Peter Leinroth	title	Senior Vice President	Peter Leinroth, Senior Vice President, Managing Director, 
Peter Leinroth	title	Managing Director	Peter Leinroth, Senior Vice President, Managing Director, 
Jerome J. Leshne	title	Senior Vice President	Jerome J. Leshne, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, 
Jerome J. Leshne	employee_of	Investor Relations	Jerome J. Leshne, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, 
Terry Peigh	title	Senior Vice President	Terry Peigh, Senior Vice President, Managing Director, 
Michael I. Roth	title	Chairman	Michael I. Roth, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael I. Roth is Chairman and CEO of Interpublic (NYSE: IPG), one of the world's largest organizations of advertising and marketing services companies.  Prior to serving in his current role, Roth was a member of the company’s Board of Directors., Since assuming leadership of Interpublic in 2005, Roth has righted the company’s financial course and moved to make it an industry leader by defining new models that provide value to clients in a rapidly-changing media and marketing environment., Prior to his current role, Roth was Chairman and CEO of The MONY Group Inc., a financial services holding company that provides a wide range of protection, asset accumulation and retail brokerage products and services through its member companies. Under Roth's leadership, The MONY Group diversified its business mix, broadened its distribution channels and enhanced its ability to compete in today's financial services marketplace., Roth is a member of the Board of Directors for Pitney Bowes Inc., the Ad Council and Ryman Hospitality Properties.  He sits on the Leadership Committee of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; the Board of Directors of the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy and The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA). In addition, he is a Director of The Baruch College Fund and The Partnership for New York City. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable., A certified public accountant, Roth holds an L.L.M. degree from New York University Law School and a J.D. from Boston University Law School. He is a 1967 graduate of the City College of New York.
Michael I. Roth	title	Chief Executive Officer	Michael I. Roth, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael I. Roth is Chairman and CEO of Interpublic (NYSE: IPG), one of the world's largest organizations of advertising and marketing services companies.  Prior to serving in his current role, Roth was a member of the company’s Board of Directors., Since assuming leadership of Interpublic in 2005, Roth has righted the company’s financial course and moved to make it an industry leader by defining new models that provide value to clients in a rapidly-changing media and marketing environment., Prior to his current role, Roth was Chairman and CEO of The MONY Group Inc., a financial services holding company that provides a wide range of protection, asset accumulation and retail brokerage products and services through its member companies. Under Roth's leadership, The MONY Group diversified its business mix, broadened its distribution channels and enhanced its ability to compete in today's financial services marketplace., Roth is a member of the Board of Directors for Pitney Bowes Inc., the Ad Council and Ryman Hospitality Properties.  He sits on the Leadership Committee of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; the Board of Directors of the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy and The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA). In addition, he is a Director of The Baruch College Fund and The Partnership for New York City. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable., A certified public accountant, Roth holds an L.L.M. degree from New York University Law School and a J.D. from Boston University Law School. He is a 1967 graduate of the City College of New York.
Michael I. Roth	title	CEO	Michael I. Roth, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael I. Roth is Chairman and CEO of Interpublic (NYSE: IPG), one of the world's largest organizations of advertising and marketing services companies.  Prior to serving in his current role, Roth was a member of the company’s Board of Directors., Since assuming leadership of Interpublic in 2005, Roth has righted the company’s financial course and moved to make it an industry leader by defining new models that provide value to clients in a rapidly-changing media and marketing environment., Prior to his current role, Roth was Chairman and CEO of The MONY Group Inc., a financial services holding company that provides a wide range of protection, asset accumulation and retail brokerage products and services through its member companies. Under Roth's leadership, The MONY Group diversified its business mix, broadened its distribution channels and enhanced its ability to compete in today's financial services marketplace., Roth is a member of the Board of Directors for Pitney Bowes Inc., the Ad Council and Ryman Hospitality Properties.  He sits on the Leadership Committee of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; the Board of Directors of the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy and The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA). In addition, he is a Director of The Baruch College Fund and The Partnership for New York City. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable., A certified public accountant, Roth holds an L.L.M. degree from New York University Law School and a J.D. from Boston University Law School. He is a 1967 graduate of the City College of New York.
