
	1Jeffery H. Boyd	,  	2Chairman	 of the Board and Interim 	2Chief Executive Officer	
Jeffery H. Boyd,  has served on our Board since October 2001 and as the Chairman of our Board since January 2013. Since April 2016, Mr. Boyd has served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Boyd served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2002 until December 2013. Mr. Boyd was our President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2002 to November 2002 and Chief Operating Officer from November 2000 to August 2002. He previously served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2000 to October 2000. Prior to joining us, Mr. Boyd was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Oxford Health Plans, Inc. Mr. Boyd was a member of the Board of Directors of Bankrate, Inc. and BEN Holdings, Inc. (the holding company for Bankrate, Inc.) prior to its initial public offering in 2011.
Jeffery H. Boyd has served on our Board since October 2001 and as the Chairman of our Board since January 2013. Since April 2016, Mr. Boyd has served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Boyd served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2002 until December 2013. Mr. Boyd was our President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2002 to November 2002 and Chief Operating Officer from November 2000 to August 2002. He previously served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2000 to October 2000. Prior to joining us, Mr. Boyd was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Oxford Health Plans, Inc. Mr. Boyd was a member of the Board of Directors of Bankrate, Inc. and BEN Holdings, Inc. (the holding company for Bankrate, Inc.) prior to its initial public offering in 2011. < LESS, 
Jeffery H. Boyd Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer Jeffery H. Boyd has served on our Board since October 2001 and as the Chairman of our Board since January 2013. Since April 2016, Mr. Boyd has served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Boyd served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2002 until December 2013. Mr. Boyd was our President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2002 to November 2002 and Chief Operating Officer from November 2000 to August 2002. He previously served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2000 to October 2000. Prior to joining us, Mr. Boyd was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Oxford Health Plans, Inc. Mr. Boyd was a member of the Board of Directors of Bankrate, Inc. and BEN Holdings, Inc. (the holding company for Bankrate, Inc.) prior to its initial public offering in 2011. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Daniel J. Finnegan	,  	2Chief Financial Officer	 and 	2Chief Accounting Officer	
Daniel J. Finnegan,  is our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Finnegan has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2009. Mr. Finnegan was Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from October 2005 to January 2009. Mr. Finnegan joined us in April 2004 as Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Finnegan served as Chief Financial Officer for CS Technology, Inc., a consulting company, from October 2000 to April 2004.
Daniel J. Finnegan is our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Finnegan has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2009. Mr. Finnegan was Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from October 2005 to January 2009. Mr. Finnegan joined us in April 2004 as Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Finnegan served as Chief Financial Officer for CS Technology, Inc., a consulting company, from October 2000 to April 2004. < LESS, 
Daniel J. Finnegan Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Daniel J. Finnegan is our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Finnegan has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2009. Mr. Finnegan was Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from October 2005 to January 2009. Mr. Finnegan joined us in April 2004 as Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Finnegan served as Chief Financial Officer for CS Technology, Inc., a consulting company, from October 2000 to April 2004. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Glenn D. Fogel	,  	2Head	 of Worldwide Strategy & Planning; 	2Executive Vice President	 - Corporate Development
Glenn D. Fogel,  is our Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning, an office he has held since November 2010. He is also Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, a position he has held since March 1, 2009, and is responsible for worldwide mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. Mr. Fogel joined us in February 2000. Prior to that, he was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that was an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a member of the New York State Bar (retired).
Glenn D. Fogel is our Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning, an office he has held since November 2010. He is also Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, a position he has held since March 1, 2009, and is responsible for worldwide mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. Mr. Fogel joined us in February 2000. Prior to that, he was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that was an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a member of the New York State Bar (retired). < LESS, 
Glenn D. Fogel Head of Worldwide Strategy & Planning; Executive Vice President - Corporate Development Glenn D. Fogel is our Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning, an office he has held since November 2010. He is also Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, a position he has held since March 1, 2009, and is responsible for worldwide mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. Mr. Fogel joined us in February 2000. Prior to that, he was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that was an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a member of the New York State Bar (retired). < LESS MORE >, 
	1Peter J. Millones, Jr.	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Corporate Secretary	
Peter J. Millones,  is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Millones has been our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 2001, and Executive Vice President since April 2003. He previously served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel from March 2000 to January 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Millones was with the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP.
Peter J. Millones is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Millones has been our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 2001, and Executive Vice President since April 2003. He previously served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel from March 2000 to January 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Millones was with the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP. < LESS, 
Peter J. Millones, Jr. Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Peter J. Millones is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Millones has been our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 2001, and Executive Vice President since April 2003. He previously served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel from March 2000 to January 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Millones was with the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Maelle Gavet	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Global Operations	
Maelle Gavet,  is our Executive Vice President, Global Operations. She is responsible for driving global operational strategy and connections across The Priceline Group and our six major brands. Prior to joining us, she served from 2011 to 2015 as the Chief Executive Officer of OZON, a leading Russian e-commerce business. Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, she served as Sales and Marketing Director at OZON from 2010 to 2011.  Before joining OZON in 2010, she was a Principal at The Boston Consulting Group, working in France, the United Kingdom, South Africa and India.
Maelle Gavet is our Executive Vice President, Global Operations. She is responsible for driving global operational strategy and connections across The Priceline Group and our six major brands. Prior to joining us, she served from 2011 to 2015 as the Chief Executive Officer of OZON, a leading Russian e-commerce business. Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, she served as Sales and Marketing Director at OZON from 2010 to 2011.  Before joining OZON in 2010, she was a Principal at The Boston Consulting Group, working in France, the United Kingdom, South Africa and India. < LESS, 
Maelle Gavet Executive Vice President, Global Operations Maelle Gavet is our Executive Vice President, Global Operations. She is responsible for driving global operational strategy and connections across The Priceline Group and our six major brands. Prior to joining us, she served from 2011 to 2015 as the Chief Executive Officer of OZON, a leading Russian e-commerce business. Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, she served as Sales and Marketing Director at OZON from 2010 to 2011.  Before joining OZON in 2010, she was a Principal at The Boston Consulting Group, working in France, the United Kingdom, South Africa and India. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Gillian Tans	, , 	3Booking.com	
Gillian Tans,  has served as the President of our Booking.com business since January 2015 and as the Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com since April 2016. Ms. Tans is responsible for overseeing all of Booking.com’s functional departments and operations.  Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Tans served as Booking.com’s Chief Operating Officer from September 2011 to April 2016, and as Booking.com’s Director Hotels & Content from 2002 to September 2011. Under her leadership, Booking.com has advanced its operations and sales across more than 193 countries. Gillian joined Booking.com in 2002, when the company had just a small base in Amsterdam.  Before joining Booking.com in 2002, Ms. Tans spent four years with the international Golden Tulip Worldwide hotel group, where she served as Product Manager, Marketing Manager and Director of Sales. Ms. Tans also worked for the Intercontinental Hotel Group and with a number of independent hotels. Ms. Tans began her career at Hershey Entertainment and Resorts and is a graduate of the hotel management school in Middleburg, in the Netherlands.
Gillian Tans has served as the President of our Booking.com business since January 2015 and as the Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com since April 2016. Ms. Tans is responsible for overseeing all of Booking.com’s functional departments and operations.  Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Tans served as Booking.com’s Chief Operating Officer from September 2011 to April 2016, and as Booking.com’s Director Hotels & Content from 2002 to September 2011. Under her leadership, Booking.com has advanced its operations and sales across more than 193 countries. Gillian joined Booking.com in 2002, when the company had just a small base in Amsterdam.  Before joining Booking.com in 2002, Ms. Tans spent four years with the international Golden Tulip Worldwide hotel group, where she served as Product Manager, Marketing Manager and Director of Sales. Ms. Tans also worked for the Intercontinental Hotel Group and with a number of independent hotels. Ms. Tans began her career at Hershey Entertainment and Resorts and is a graduate of the hotel management school in Middleburg, in the Netherlands. < LESS, 
Gillian Tans, Booking.com Chief Executive Officer and President Gillian Tans has served as the President of our Booking.com business since January 2015 and as the Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com since April 2016. Ms. Tans is responsible for overseeing all of Booking.com’s functional departments and operations.  Prior to her appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Tans served as Booking.com’s Chief Operating Officer from September 2011 to April 2016, and as Booking.com’s Director Hotels & Content from 2002 to September 2011. Under her leadership, Booking.com has advanced its operations and sales across more than 193 countries. Gillian joined Booking.com in 2002, when the company had just a small base in Amsterdam.  Before joining Booking.com in 2002, Ms. Tans spent four years with the international Golden Tulip Worldwide hotel group, where she served as Product Manager, Marketing Manager and Director of Sales. Ms. Tans also worked for the Intercontinental Hotel Group and with a number of independent hotels. Ms. Tans began her career at Hershey Entertainment and Resorts and is a graduate of the hotel management school in Middleburg, in the Netherlands. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Brett Keller	, , 	3priceline.com	
Brett Keller,  is Interim Chief Executive Officer of priceline.com. He most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of priceline.com and prior to that, as Chief Marketing Officer.  Brett joined priceline.com in 1999 and over the past 17 years has played a central role in growing the business and evolving the brand’s product and go-to-market strategies for its diverse set digital offerings. 
Brett Keller is Interim Chief Executive Officer of priceline.com. He most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of priceline.com and prior to that, as Chief Marketing Officer.  Brett joined priceline.com in 1999 and over the past 17 years has played a central role in growing the business and evolving the brand’s product and go-to-market strategies for its diverse set digital offerings.  < LESS, 
Brett Keller, priceline.com Interim Chief Executive Officer Brett Keller is Interim Chief Executive Officer of priceline.com. He most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of priceline.com and prior to that, as Chief Marketing Officer.  Brett joined priceline.com in 1999 and over the past 17 years has played a central role in growing the business and evolving the brand’s product and go-to-market strategies for its diverse set digital offerings.  < LESS MORE >, 
	1Steve Hafner	, , 	3KAYAK	
Steve Hafner,  is the co-founder and CEO of KAYAK. His responsibilities include establishing the vision and direction for the company, building a world-class team, and guiding the development of KAYAK. A seasoned executive, Mr. Hafner brings extensive knowledge of marketing, e-commerce and online travel to his position at KAYAK. Mr. Hafner helped found Orbitz Inc., the online travel agency site, in November 1999. As a member of the original start-up team, he helped develop and implement the company’s business strategy.
Steve Hafner is the co-founder and CEO of KAYAK. His responsibilities include establishing the vision and direction for the company, building a world-class team, and guiding the development of KAYAK. A seasoned executive, Mr. Hafner brings extensive knowledge of marketing, e-commerce and online travel to his position at KAYAK. Mr. Hafner helped found Orbitz Inc., the online travel agency site, in November 1999. As a member of the original start-up team, he helped develop and implement the company’s business strategy. < LESS, 
Steve Hafner, KAYAK Chief Executive Officer Steve Hafner is the co-founder and CEO of KAYAK. His responsibilities include establishing the vision and direction for the company, building a world-class team, and guiding the development of KAYAK. A seasoned executive, Mr. Hafner brings extensive knowledge of marketing, e-commerce and online travel to his position at KAYAK. Mr. Hafner helped found Orbitz Inc., the online travel agency site, in November 1999. As a member of the original start-up team, he helped develop and implement the company’s business strategy. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Robert Rosenstein	, , 	3agoda.com	
Robert Rosenstein,  is a co-founder of Agoda Company and has been its Chief Executive Officer since November 15, 2010. Prior to becoming CEO, Mr. Rosenstein served as the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Agoda, Rob was an active investor in Internet start-ups and has held various positions in e-commerce and online media enterprises. Mr. Rosenstein is a native of New York City, and received a BA from Hamilton College in 1989.
Robert Rosenstein is a co-founder of Agoda Company and has been its Chief Executive Officer since November 15, 2010. Prior to becoming CEO, Mr. Rosenstein served as the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Agoda, Rob was an active investor in Internet start-ups and has held various positions in e-commerce and online media enterprises. Mr. Rosenstein is a native of New York City, and received a BA from Hamilton College in 1989. < LESS, 
Robert Rosenstein, agoda.com Chief Executive Officer Robert Rosenstein is a co-founder of Agoda Company and has been its Chief Executive Officer since November 15, 2010. Prior to becoming CEO, Mr. Rosenstein served as the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Agoda, Rob was an active investor in Internet start-ups and has held various positions in e-commerce and online media enterprises. Mr. Rosenstein is a native of New York City, and received a BA from Hamilton College in 1989. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Ian Brown	, , 	3rentalcars.com	
Ian Brown,  is rentalcars.com’s Chief Executive Officer.  He joined rentalcars.com in May 2014 as Chief Operating Officer.  Prior to rentalcars.com, Ian was a partner at Oliver Wyman Consulting where he led the Travel & Leisure and Commercial Effectiveness practices.   Ian is based in the UK and holds an MEng in Engineering, Economics & Management from the University of Oxford.
Ian Brown is rentalcars.com’s Chief Executive Officer.  He joined rentalcars.com in May 2014 as Chief Operating Officer.  Prior to rentalcars.com, Ian was a partner at Oliver Wyman Consulting where he led the Travel & Leisure and Commercial Effectiveness practices.   Ian is based in the UK and holds an MEng in Engineering, Economics & Management from the University of Oxford. < LESS, 
Ian Brown, rentalcars.com Chief Executive Officer Ian Brown is rentalcars.com’s Chief Executive Officer.  He joined rentalcars.com in May 2014 as Chief Operating Officer.  Prior to rentalcars.com, Ian was a partner at Oliver Wyman Consulting where he led the Travel & Leisure and Commercial Effectiveness practices.   Ian is based in the UK and holds an MEng in Engineering, Economics & Management from the University of Oxford. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Christa Quarles	,  , 	3OpenTable, Inc.	
	1Christa Quarles	,  is the 	2Chief Executive Officer	 of OpenTable, leading the global business strategy and vision for the company. Ms. Quarles previously held the role of Chief Financial Officer for OpenTable. Prior to joining OpenTable, Christa served as the Chief Business Officer for Nextdoor where she oversaw finance, business intelligence, HR, business development and legal. Previously, Christa served as the SVP and General Manager at Disney where she led the Mobile and Social Games divisions within Disney Interactive. Earlier in her career, Christa spent ten years as an equity research analyst covering the Internet sector at Thomas Weisel Partners (now Stifel Financial). Christa holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS from Carnegie Mellon University where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
Christa Quarles is the Chief Executive Officer of OpenTable, leading the global business strategy and vision for the company. Ms. Quarles previously held the role of Chief Financial Officer for OpenTable. Prior to joining OpenTable, Christa served as the Chief Business Officer for Nextdoor where she oversaw finance, business intelligence, HR, business development and legal. Previously, Christa served as the SVP and General Manager at Disney where she led the Mobile and Social Games divisions within Disney Interactive. Earlier in her career, Christa spent ten years as an equity research analyst covering the Internet sector at Thomas Weisel Partners (now Stifel Financial). Christa holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS from Carnegie Mellon University where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. < LESS, 
Christa Quarles , OpenTable, Inc. Chief Executive Officer Christa Quarles is the Chief Executive Officer of OpenTable, leading the global business strategy and vision for the company. Ms. Quarles previously held the role of Chief Financial Officer for OpenTable. Prior to joining OpenTable, Christa served as the Chief Business Officer for Nextdoor where she oversaw finance, business intelligence, HR, business development and legal. Previously, Christa served as the SVP and General Manager at Disney where she led the Mobile and Social Games divisions within Disney Interactive. Earlier in her career, Christa spent ten years as an equity research analyst covering the Internet sector at Thomas Weisel Partners (now Stifel Financial). Christa holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS from Carnegie Mellon University where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. < LESS MORE >, 
	1Jeffery H. Boyd	,  	2Chairman	 of the Board and Interim 	2Chief Executive Officer	
	1Timothy M. (Tim) Armstrong	,  	2Director	
	1Jan L. Docter	,  	2Director	
	1Jeffrey E. Epstein	,  	2Director	
	1James M. Guyette	,  	2Lead Independent Director Chairman	, 	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 	3Rolls-Royce North America Inc.	
	1Charles Noski	,  	2Director	
	1Nancy B. Peretsman	,  	2Director	
	1Thomas E. Rothman	,  	2Director	
	1Craig W. Rydin	,  	2Director	
	1Lynn M. Vojvodich	,  	2Director	
http://www.pricelinegroup.com/about/leadership/