
Shareholder Briefcase,  Printed Materials,  Email Alerts,  Download Library,  Snapshot,  Mobile Investor,  RSS News Feeds, 
Leadership Team Display all Bios,  show all hide all Joseph Hamrock President and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Hamrock has been NiSource President and Chief Executive Officer since July 1, 2015, and was also elected to the NiSource Board of Directors. Hamrock previously served as executive vice president and Group CEO for NiSource's Gas Distribution segment, which included local gas distribution companies in Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. In that role, he had comprehensive responsibility for all financial, operational, regulatory and commercial performance at NiSource's gas distribution operations. In coordination with leadership teams across each of these areas, he focused on driving the company's long-term growth plan, premised on executing a steady stream of infrastructure improvements and growth investments, synchronized with complementary regulatory and customer program initiatives. Hamrock joined NiSource in May 2012 after serving in a variety of senior executive positions with American Electric Power (AEP), including president and chief operating officer of AEP Ohio, and roles in engineering, transmission and distribution operations, customer service, marketing and information technology. He began his energy industry career as an electrical engineer in transmission and distribution planning at AEP in Steubenville, Ohio. He went on to work in commercial and industrial customer services, and held leadership roles in commercial marketing and customer services, strategic development and other executive roles. Prior to becoming president of AEP Ohio, Hamrock was senior vice president and chief information officer in AEP's Shared Services organization from 2003-2007, and from 2002 to 2003 was senior vice president - General Services. Hamrock received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Youngstown State University and a master's degree in business administration from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a Sloan fellow.  Donald E. Brown Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Donald E. Brown is executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). He is responsible for the company’s corporate finance, accounting, tax, investor relations, financial planning, and corporate planning functions. Brown joined NiSource in April 2015 as an executive vice president in the finance department, and became CFO upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. He has nearly 20 years of experience, including financial leadership and consulting roles at UGI Utilities, Constellation New Energy, Progress Energy and Deloitte. Prior to joining NiSource, Brown served as vice president, finance and chief financial officer for UGI Utilities, a division of UGI Corporation in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, since 2010. From 2007 to 2010, he was controller for UGI Utilities.  He was director of treasury services for UGI Corp. from 2005 to 2007. Brown holds a master’s degree in business administration from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University, and a bachelor’s degree in economics with a concentration in accounting from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the American Gas Association’s finance committee and serves on the boards of United Way of Central Ohio and City Year Columbus. September 2015   Carrie J. Hightman Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Carrie Hightman is Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of NiSource Inc. Her responsibilities include all legal and corporate secretary functions, as well as corporate compliance, business continuity, records management and unregulated real estate investments. She serves as a member of the company's executive council. Prior to joining NiSource, Hightman served as President of AT&T Illinois. In that position, she was responsible for all regulatory, legislative, governmental and external affairs activities, as well as community and industry relations. Prior to joining AT&T, Hightman practiced telecommunications and energy law for more than 17 years. She was a partner in the Chicago office of Schiff Hardin, a national law firm, where she led its Energy, Telecommunications and Public Utilities practice group. Hightman began her career in the public sector in 1983, serving as Staff Counsel at the Florida Public Service Commission. In 1986, she served as associate counsel at the Florida Office of Public Counsel, handling a variety of public utility cases on behalf of consumers. Hightman serves on the Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bank Chicago. Active in the community, she also serves on the boards of the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum Foundation, and the Chicago Architectural Foundation. Hightman was appointed Chairwoman of the Ad Hoc Committee created by Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson and the Gary Airport Authority Board to consider creation of a public/private partnership at the Gary Airport. Hightman is the executive co-sponsor of NiSource’s Building the NextGen, Women in Leadership initiative, which is designed to recruit, retain and develop women leaders. Hightman earned her bachelor’s degree from the University of Illinois and her law degree from Florida State University. July 2015   Carl W. Levander Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs Carl W. Levander is Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs for NiSource Inc. He is responsible for policy, corporate communications, federal government affairs, regulatory strategy and human resources. Prior to assuming this role in May 2016, Levander had served as Chief Regulatory Officer since July 2015. In that role, he was responsible for coordinating regulatory and external activities across the six Columbia Gas companies, as well as leveraging regulatory best practices and policy initiatives for the organization. Earlier, Carl served as president of Columbia Gas of Virginia (CVA) for more than nine years. He was responsible for ensuring CVA provided its customers with reliable, high-quality customer service and ensuring the company’s overall profitability through coordinating business strategies for Columbia, including developing and implementing regulatory strategies before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. Levander began his career with Columbia Gas Transmission as an attorney in 1986, and then held several positions in the rate department. In 2004, Levander was named Vice President, Marketing & Regulatory Strategy for the NiSource Pipelines, with responsibility for all marketing, regulatory and strategic planning activities of the NiSource pipeline business unit.  He was named President of Columbia Gas of Virginia in 2006. Levander holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from Wittenberg University and law degree from West Virginia University. May 2016 Violet G. Sistovaris Executive Vice President, NIPSCO Violet G. Sistovaris serves as the senior executive at Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) – NiSource’s Indiana gas and electric utility.  She is responsible for the operations, regulatory policy and compliance functions at NIPSCO, while ensuring premier service delivery to its 1.1 million customers across the state. Sistovaris assumed this role upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. She was previously senior vice president and Chief Information Officer (CIO) for NiSource, responsible for providing leadership and direction to NiSource's information technology, supply chain services, real estate and facilities management functions. Prior to that role, Sistovaris served as vice president, Customer Contact Centers. While in that position, she directed the operation of NiSource's customer contact centers and managing contacts with the company's 3.7 million residential natural gas and electric customers served by NiSource's energy distribution companies. In addition to these responsibilities, Sistovaris's 20 years of experience at NiSource also include positions in the areas of human resources, executive recruiting and management development. Before joining NiSource in 1994, Sistovaris was vice president, Training & Development, at Centier Bank in Merrillville, Indiana. Her banking experience centered in the areas of marketing, training and development and sales administration. She serves on the board of directors for the Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana, the Indiana Energy Association and Northwest Indiana’s One Region initiative.  She earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Valparaiso University and a master's degree in business administration from Indiana University. July 2015 Jim L. Stanley Chief Operating Officer Jim L. Stanley is Chief Operating Officer (COO) of NiSource Inc. Stanley assumed this role upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. He oversees all NiSource gas operations, capital program management, major projects and engineering, customer & commercial operations, shared services, safety and training. Prior to becoming COO, Stanley served as Executive Vice President and Group CEO for NiSource’s Indiana gas and electric utility, Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO). In this role, he oversaw all regulatory, operations and project management, and was responsible for execution of the business unit’s capital investment and growth strategies. He is a member of NiSource's executive management council, joining NiSource in October 2012. He came to NiSource after serving in a variety of senior executive positions in the utility industry, most recently as senior vice president and chief distribution officer for Duke Energy's U.S. electric business. In this role, he had oversight of the electric distribution system for the company's six-state service area. Previously, he served as president of Duke Energy Indiana, the state's largest electric service provider. His 35-year career with PSI Energy, Cinergy and Duke Energy included assignments in a variety of departments from accounting to human resources to operations management. Stanley has served in leadership roles in a number of community and business organizations, including the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, the Indiana Chamber of Commerce, the Indiana Energy Association, Heart Association of Charlotte and Red Cross of Charlotte. He also serves on the executive advisory board of the Miller College of Business at Ball State University. He holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Ball State University. July 2015 Pablo A. Vegas Executive Vice President and President, Columbia Gas Group Pablo A. Vegas is NiSource Executive Vice President and President, Columbia Gas Group. The group includes NiSource's local gas distribution companies in Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. Vegas has profit and loss responsibility for the six Columbia Gas companies, including leadership of state regulatory, customer and stakeholder performance. He is also responsible for customer service, billing and new business platforms for all seven NiSource companies. Before joining NiSource in May 2016, Vegas held a variety of senior executive positions in the regulated utility and consulting industries, serving most recently as president and chief operating officer of American Electric Power (AEP) Ohio. Vegas joined AEP in 2005, serving in leadership positions in information technology and finance. In 2008, he assumed the role of president and chief operating officer of AEP Texas, overseeing distribution operations as well as safety, customer service, community affairs and regulatory functions. From 2010 - 2012, he served as AEP's president and chief information officer. Prior to joining AEP, Vegas held senior leadership positions with IBM, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Andersen Consulting. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Columbus 2020. He also serves as a member of the Mount Carmel Health System Board of Trustees. Vegas attended the Advanced Management Program (AMP) at Harvard Business School, the AEP Strategic Leadership Program at The Ohio State University and graduated cum laude from the University of Michigan with a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering. May 2016 Sam Lee Vice President, Corporate Secretary Sam Lee is Vice President and Corporate Secretary of NiSource Inc.  His responsibilities include corporate governance, securities law, corporate policies and ethics. Prior to joining NiSource in 2013, Lee served as Corporate Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer and Deputy General Counsel of Eversource Energy (formerly Northeast Utilities), and prior to Northeast Utilities he was Assistant Secretary of MetLife, Inc. in New York, and Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Xerox Corporation in Connecticut.  At Eversource Energy and Xerox, he managed the corporate secretary’s office and their corporate and securities legal practice groups, and helped establish effective compliance programs. Lee began his legal career as corporate associate at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP in New York. He graduated magna cum laude from New York Law School, and earned a bachelor’s degree in political science from UCLA.  He is a member of the Stockholder Relations Society in New York, and served on the boards of the Society of Corporate Secretaries and Governance Professionals, and the Greater Hartford Legal Aid Foundation.  July 2015 Joseph Mulpas Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Joe Mulpas is vice president and chief accounting officer at NiSource Inc. He is responsible for the company's financial reporting and accounting. Prior to his current role, he was vice president in NiSource's Finance division. Before joining NiSource in 2014, Mulpas served as assistant controller for First Energy Service Corp. Prior to joining First Energy, he served in a progression of financial leadership roles at Deloitte & Touche LLP, DPL Inc. and Maxum Petroleum. Mulpas received his bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Akron.   June 2014     Suzanne K. Surface Vice President, Audit Suzanne K. Surface is vice president, audit for NiSource Inc. She is responsible for the corporation’s internal audit and risk management functions. She was promoted to her current position upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. Surface previously served as NiSource vice president of regulatory strategy and support, where she was responsible for regulatory strategy, support of regulatory proceedings, and regulatory initiatives across the six Columbia Gas distribution companies. She was also responsible for demand forecasting for the NiSource electric and gas distribution companies. During her tenure as vice president, the regulatory strategy & support team filed 18 rate cases across six jurisdictions, and instituted recovery mechanisms for accelerated pipeline replacement costs at all six Columbia Gas companies. Surface has been employed by the Columbia Gas and NiSource distribution companies for 30 years. She began her career as an intern, and has held positions of increasing authority in the rates and regulatory matters departments. Surface holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Wittenberg University and a master’s degree in business administration from Capital University, where she graduated with highest honors. July 2015 Shawn Anderson Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer Shawn Anderson is treasurer and chief risk officer for NiSource Inc., leading teams responsible for all treasury, risk and insurance operations at the company. Prior to assuming this role, Anderson was vice president of regulatory and finance for Columbia Gas of Ohio, a NiSource subsidiary serving approximately 1.4 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas customers. He was responsible for the development of regulatory strategy and policy, including external relations and the planning and oversight for all regulatory filings. His responsibilities also included financial planning, forecasting, analysis and financial reporting. Previously, Shawn served as director of regulatory strategy in which he led Columbia's regulatory initiatives surrounding the company's econonmic development, local government policy and strategic initiatives functions, as well as its energy assistance and energy efficiency programs. He also served as director of regulatory affairs, with responsibilities for planning, supervision, preparation, and support of all regulatory filings on behalf of Columbia Gas of Ohio before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. He also previously served at NiSource as corporate financial planning manager, which included responsibilities for allocating over $1.4 billion in capital expenditures to NiSource subsidiaries. Prior to joing NiSource in 2010, Anderson served in various roles in the hospitality industry. He currently serves as treasurer on the executive committee of the governing board of directors for Children's Hunger Alliance and is a graduate of Leadership Columbus. Anderson earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from The Ohio State University, a master's degree in business administration from Ohio University, and his Six Sigma Black Belt from Xavier University. June 2016
Joseph Hamrock,  President and Chief Executive Officer
Donald E. Brown,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Carrie J. Hightman,  Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
Carl W. Levander,  Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs
Carl W. Levander is Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs for NiSource Inc. He is responsible for policy, corporate communications, federal government affairs, regulatory strategy and human resources. Prior to assuming this role in May 2016, , Levander had served as Chief Regulatory Officer since July 2015. In that role, he was responsible for coordinating regulatory and external activities across the six Columbia Gas companies, as well as leveraging regulatory best practices and policy initiatives for the organization. Earlier, Carl served as president of Columbia Gas of Virginia (CVA) for more than nine years. He was responsible for ensuring CVA provided its customers with reliable, high-quality customer service and ensuring the company’s overall profitability through coordinating business strategies for Columbia, including developing and implementing regulatory strategies before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. Levander began his career with Columbia Gas Transmission as an attorney in 1986, and then held several positions in the rate department. In 2004, Levander was named Vice President, Marketing & Regulatory Strategy for the NiSource Pipelines, with responsibility for all marketing, regulatory and strategic planning activities of the NiSource pipeline business unit.  He was named President of Columbia Gas of Virginia in 2006. Levander holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from Wittenberg University and law degree from West Virginia University. May 2016, 
Violet G. Sistovaris,  Executive Vice President, NIPSCO
Violet G. Sistovaris serves as the senior executive at Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) – NiSource’s Indiana gas and electric utility.  She is responsible for the operations, regulatory policy and compliance functions at NIPSCO, while ensuring premier service delivery to its 1.1 million customers across the state. Sistovaris assumed this role upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. She was previously senior vice president and Chief Information Officer (CIO) for NiSource, responsible for providing leadership and direction to NiSource's information technology, supply chain services, real estate and facilities management functions. Prior to that role, Sistovaris served as vice president, Customer Contact Centers. While in that position, she directed the operation of NiSource's customer contact centers and managing contacts with the company's 3.7 million residential natural gas and electric customers served by NiSource's energy distribution companies. In addition to these responsibilities, Sistovaris's 20 years of experience at NiSource also include positions in the areas of human resources, executive recruiting and management development. Before joining NiSource in 1994, Sistovaris was vice president, Training & Development, at Centier Bank in Merrillville, Indiana. Her banking experience centered in the areas of marketing, training and development and sales administration. She serves on the board of directors for the Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana, the Indiana Energy Association and Northwest Indiana’s One Region initiative.  She earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Valparaiso University and a master's degree in business administration from Indiana University. July 2015, 
Jim L. Stanley,  Chief Operating Officer
Pablo A. Vegas,  Executive Vice President and President, Columbia Gas Group
Pablo A. Vegas is NiSource Executive Vice President and President, Columbia Gas Group. The group includes NiSource's local gas distribution companies in Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. Vegas has profit and loss responsibility for the six Columbia Gas companies, including leadership of state regulatory, customer and stakeholder performance. He is also responsible for customer service, billing and new business platforms for all seven NiSource companies. Before joining NiSource in May 2016, , Vegas held a variety of senior executive positions in the regulated utility and consulting industries, serving most recently as president and chief operating officer of American Electric Power (AEP) Ohio. Vegas joined AEP in 2005, serving in leadership positions in information technology and finance. In 2008, he assumed the role of president and chief operating officer of AEP Texas, overseeing distribution operations as well as safety, customer service, community affairs and regulatory functions. From 2010 - 2012, he served as AEP's president and chief information officer. Prior to joining AEP, Vegas held senior leadership positions with IBM, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Andersen Consulting. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Columbus 2020. He also serves as a member of the Mount Carmel Health System Board of Trustees. Vegas attended the Advanced Management Program (AMP) at Harvard Business School, the AEP Strategic Leadership Program at The Ohio State University and graduated cum laude from the University of Michigan with a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering. May 2016, 
Sam Lee,  Vice President, Corporate Secretary
Sam Lee is Vice President and Corporate Secretary of NiSource Inc.  His responsibilities include corporate governance, securities law, corporate policies and ethics. Prior to joining NiSource in 2013, Lee served as Corporate Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer and Deputy General Counsel of Eversource Energy (formerly Northeast Utilities), and prior to Northeast Utilities he was Assistant Secretary of MetLife, Inc. in New York, and Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Xerox Corporation in Connecticut.  At Eversource Energy and Xerox, he managed the corporate secretary’s office and their corporate and securities legal practice groups, and helped establish effective compliance programs. Lee began his legal career as corporate associate at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP in New York. He graduated magna cum laude from New York Law School, and earned a bachelor’s degree in political science from UCLA.  He is a member of the Stockholder Relations Society in New York, and served on the boards of the Society of Corporate Secretaries and Governance Professionals, and the Greater Hartford Legal Aid Foundation.  July 2015, 
Joseph Mulpas,  Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Joe Mulpas is vice president and chief accounting officer at NiSource Inc. He is responsible for the company's financial reporting and accounting. Prior to his current role, he was vice president in NiSource's Finance division.,  Before joining NiSource in 2014, Mulpas served as assistant controller for First Energy Service Corp. Prior to joining First Energy, he served in a progression of financial leadership roles at Deloitte & Touche LLP, DPL Inc. and Maxum Petroleum.,  Mulpas received his bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Akron.,    June 2014,     
Suzanne K. Surface,  Vice President, Audit
Suzanne K. Surface is vice president, audit for NiSource Inc. She is responsible for the corporation’s internal audit and risk management functions. She was promoted to her current position upon the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group from NiSource on July 1, 2015. Surface previously served as NiSource vice president of regulatory strategy and support, where she was responsible for regulatory strategy, support of regulatory proceedings, and regulatory initiatives across the six Columbia Gas distribution companies. She was also responsible for demand forecasting for the NiSource electric and gas distribution companies. During her tenure as vice president, the regulatory strategy & support team filed 18 rate cases across six jurisdictions, and instituted recovery mechanisms for accelerated pipeline replacement costs at all six Columbia Gas companies. Surface has been employed by the Columbia Gas and NiSource distribution companies for 30 years. She began her career as an intern, and has held positions of increasing authority in the rates and regulatory matters departments. Surface holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Wittenberg University and a master’s degree in business administration from Capital University, where she graduated with highest honors. July 2015, 
Shawn Anderson,  Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer
Shawn Anderson is treasurer and chief risk officer for NiSource Inc., leading teams responsible for all treasury, risk and insurance operations at the company. Prior to assuming this role, Anderson was vice president of regulatory and finance for Columbia Gas of Ohio, a NiSource subsidiary serving approximately 1.4 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas customers. He was responsible for the development of regulatory strategy and policy, including external relations and the planning and oversight for all regulatory filings. His responsibilities also included financial planning, forecasting, analysis and financial reporting. Previously, Shawn served as director of regulatory strategy in which he led Columbia's regulatory initiatives surrounding the company's econonmic development, local government policy and strategic initiatives functions, as well as its energy assistance and energy efficiency programs. He also served as director of regulatory affairs, with responsibilities for planning, supervision, preparation, and support of all regulatory filings on behalf of Columbia Gas of Ohio before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. He also previously served at NiSource as corporate financial planning manager, which included responsibilities for allocating over $1.4 billion in capital expenditures to NiSource subsidiaries. Prior to joing NiSource in 2010, Anderson served in various roles in the hospitality industry. He currently serves as treasurer on the executive committee of the governing board of directors for Children's Hunger Alliance and is a graduate of Leadership Columbus. Anderson earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from The Ohio State University, a master's degree in business administration from Ohio University, and his Six Sigma Black Belt from Xavier University. June 2016, 
http://ir.nisource.com/management.cfm