
Corporate Governance,  Stock Info,  Analyst Coverage,  Events & Presentations,  Shareholder Info,  Financial Information, 
J. Paul Raines,  Chief Executive Officer, 
J. Paul Raines Chief Executive Officer Paul Raines is chief cxecutive officer of GameStop. He served as chief operating officer from September 2008 to June 2010. Prior to joining GameStop, Raines spent eight years with The Home Depot in various management positions in retail operations, including serving as executive vice president for U.S. Stores and president of the Southern Division of the Atlanta-based company. Raines was responsible for more than 2,000 stores and $70 billion in sales activity. He also has extensive international expertise covering Latin America, Asia and Europe. Prior to Home Depot, he spent four years in global sourcing for L.L. Bean and 10 years with Kurt Salmon Associates in their consumer products group. Raines currently sits on the Board of Directors for Advance Auto Parts, Inc., 
Tony Bartel,  Chief Operating Officer, 
Tony Bartel Chief Operating Officer Tony Bartel is chief operating officer of GameStop Corporation, and is responsible for all aspects of the company’s performance and strategic operations, including the U.S. stores organization, Merchandising, Supply Chain, Real Estate and the company’s Pre-Owned and Technology Brands businesses. Prior to assuming the role of COO, Tony served as president of GameStop from June 2010 to January 2015, and executive vice president of merchandising and marketing from March 2007 to June 2010. He joined GameStop in 2005 as senior vice president of international finance. Prior to GameStop, Bartel was chief administrative officer for NCH Corporation from 2003 to 2005. From 1989 to 2003, he held various positions with PepsiCo and Yum Brands, Inc., including operational finance, strategic planning, controller and eventually chief financial officer of Pizza Hut. Prior to 1989, Bartel held various positions with KPMG Peat Marwick., 
Robert A.  Lloyd,  Chief Financial Officer, 
Robert A.  Lloyd Chief Financial Officer Robert A. Lloyd is chief financial officer of GameStop. He has been our senior vice president and chief accounting officer since October 2005. Prior to that, Lloyd was the vice president - finance of GameStop or its predecessor companies from October 2000 and was the controller of GameStop's predecessor companies from December 1996 to October 2000. From May 1988 to December 1996, Lloyd held various financial management positions as controller or chief financial officer, primarily in the telecommunications industry. Prior to May 1988, Lloyd held various positions with the public accounting firm of Ernst & Young. Lloyd is a Certified Public Accountant., 
Daniel  A.  DeMatteo,  Executive Chairman and Director, 
Daniel  A.  DeMatteo Executive Chairman and Director Daniel A. DeMatteo is the executive chairman and director of GameStop. He served as the chief executive officer from August 2008 until June 2010. He was the company's vice-chairman and chief operating officer from March 2005 until August 2008. He previously served as president and chief operating officer for GameStop and its predecessor companies since November 1996. DeMatteo has served in executive and management positions with Software Etc. and B. Dalton Booksellers., 
Michael K. Mauler,  Michael K. Mauler is executive vice president and president of GameStop International, a role he has held since 2010. Mauler was formerly the company’s senior vice president of supply chain and international support, a position he held since 2005. Prior to that, Mauler was the vice president of logistics of Electronics Boutique. Mauler has also held senior management positions for Baxter Healthcare, Dade Behring and Fisher Scientific, where he led operations for 22 countries., 
Michael P. Hogan,  Michael P. Hogan is the executive vice president of strategic business and brand development, a role he has held since 2012. He joined GameStop in 2008 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer. Previously, Hogan served as a principal with Strategic Frameworking, a strategic consulting firm. Hogan also served as a senior vice president of marketing at Dean Foods Company and as vice president of international marketing at Frito-Lay. Hogan currently serves on the Board of Directors of Feed the Children, a non-profit organization., 
Michael T.  Buskey,  Michael T. Buskey is the executive vice president and president of U.S. Stores, a role he has held since January 2015. He joined GameStop in 2010 as senior vice president of Human Resources. Previously, Buskey served as senior vice president of Human Resources and U.S. Store Operations for The Home Depot. Buskey has more than 30 years of retail leadership experience in human resources and store operations., 
http://investor.gamestop.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=130125&p=irol-govmanage