
General Business & Trade Media Inquiries:, Karen Denning, 
Store, Promotional & Product Inquiries:, Julianne Embry, Sarah England, Media Relations, 
Roland C. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Roland C. Smith, was named Chairman and CEO of Office Depot, Inc. in November 2013. An experienced senior executive, having served as President and Chief Executive Officer of both public and private companies and on numerous boards, Smith comes to Office Depot, Inc. with a strong track record in increasing operating profit, managing complex integrations, directing corporate turnarounds and transforming companies for future success. more...
Roland C. Smith was named Chairman and CEO of Office Depot, Inc. in November 2013. An experienced senior executive, having served as President and Chief Executive Officer of both public and private companies and on numerous boards, Smith comes to Office Depot, Inc. with a strong track record in increasing operating profit, managing complex integrations, directing corporate turnarounds and transforming companies for future success. more..., 
Michael Allison, Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer, Michael Allison, was named Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer, for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Allison is responsible for all global Human Resources functions, including Compensation and Benefits, Talent Management, Associate Relations, Organizational Development & Training, and Diversity & Inclusion. Additionally, the Communications function reports to him. more...
Michael Allison was named Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Allison is responsible for all global Human Resources functions, including Compensation and Benefits, Talent Management, Associate Relations, Organizational Development & Training, and Diversity & Inclusion. Additionally, the Communications function reports to him. more..., 
Mark Cosby, President of North America, Mark Cosby, was named President of North America, for Office Depot, Inc. in July 2014. He oversees the company’s retail, contract sales, e-commerce, merchandising, marketing, real estate and supply chain functions in North America. Cosby is an energetic and motivating leader who brings a track record for driving growth through his focus on customer differentiation. more...
Mark Cosby was named President of North America for Office Depot, Inc. in July 2014. He oversees the company’s retail, contract sales, e-commerce, merchandising, marketing, real estate and supply chain functions in North America. Cosby is an energetic and motivating leader who brings a track record for driving growth through his focus on customer differentiation., more..., 
Elisa D. Garcia C., Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Elisa D. Garcia C., was named Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Garcia is responsible for managing legal, regulatory, compliance and government affairs matters for the Company worldwide as well as the Loss Prevention function. Additionally, she serves as General Counsel and Secretary for the Company. more...
Elisa D. Garcia C. was named Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Garcia is responsible for managing legal, regulatory, compliance and government affairs matters for the Company worldwide as well as the Loss Prevention function. Additionally, she serves as General Counsel and Secretary for the Company. more..., 
Stephen E. Hare, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Stephen E. Hare, was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Hare is responsible for overseeing all financial aspects of the Company, including Financial Planning, Forecasting, Reporting, and Accounting and Control; and managing the Internal Audit and Risk Management functions, Information Technology and the Integration Office. more...
Stephen E. Hare was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Hare is responsible for overseeing all financial aspects of the Company, including Financial Planning, Forecasting, Reporting, and Accounting and Control; and managing the Internal Audit and Risk Management functions, Information Technology and the Integration Office. more..., 
Juliet Johansson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, Juliet Johansson, was named Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, for Office Depot, Inc. in March 2014. Johansson is responsible for driving the Company’s strategy and leading efforts to develop and prioritize key business initiatives. more...
Juliet Johansson was named Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer for Office Depot, Inc. in March 2014. Johansson is responsible for driving the Company’s strategy and leading efforts to develop and prioritize key business initiatives., more..., 
Tim Beauchamp, Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, Tim Beauchamp, leads Supply Chain at Office Depot, Inc. and is responsible for driving continuous improvement and process standardization across the company’s procurement and supply chain functions. With more than 30 years of experience in operations, warehousing, transportation, facilities management, materials handling, inventory management and purchasing, Tim is a transformational leader who has successfully managed more than 300 acquisitions by integrating operations, enhancing efficiency more...
Tim Beauchamp leads Supply Chain at Office Depot, Inc. and is responsible for driving continuous improvement and process standardization across the company’s procurement and supply chain functions. With more than 30 years of experience in operations, warehousing, transportation, facilities management, materials handling, inventory management and purchasing, Tim is a transformational leader who has successfully managed more than 300 acquisitions by integrating operations, enhancing efficiency more..., 
Steve Calkins, Executive Vice President, Contract Sales, Steve Calkins, was named Executive Vice President of Contract Sales for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Calkins is responsible for managing the Company’s North American field sales organization which services small, medium and large businesses, education and government customers, and Canadian operations. He is also responsible for setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales across customer segments and vertical markets, including by developing innovative solutions more...
Steve Calkins was named Executive Vice President of Contract Sales for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Calkins is responsible for managing the Company’s North American field sales organization which services small, medium and large businesses, education and government customers, and Canadian operations. He is also responsible for setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales across customer segments and vertical markets, including by developing innovative solutions more..., 
Todd Hale, Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer, Todd Hale, was named Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer, for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Hale is responsible for defining the Company’s IT architecture, managing and overseeing IT projects and portfolio decisions, planning and developing applications supporting business operations, and ensuring the security of IT systems and processes. more...
Todd Hale was named Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Hale is responsible for defining the Company’s IT architecture, managing and overseeing IT projects and portfolio decisions, planning and developing applications supporting business operations, and ensuring the security of IT systems and processes. more..., 
Mike Kirschner, Executive Vice President, E-Commerce, Mike Kirschner, was named Executive Vice President of E-Commerce for Office Depot, Inc. in April 2014. In this role, Kirschner is responsible for managing all North America websites for the Company’s direct-to-consumer and online business customers, setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales while developing an omni-channel shopping experience aimed at increasing share of wallet. more...
Mike Kirschner was named Executive Vice President of E-Commerce for Office Depot, Inc. in April 2014. In this role, Kirschner is responsible for managing all North America websites for the Company’s direct-to-consumer and online business customers, setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales while developing an omni-channel shopping experience aimed at increasing share of wallet. more..., 
Rob Koch, Senior Vice President, Real Estate, Rob Koch, was named Senior Vice President of Real Estate for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Koch is responsible for leading the development of the Company’s real estate strategy and managing the implementation to include lease management, construction and architecture of all new, relocated, reformatted or closing stores. more...
Rob Koch was named Senior Vice President of Real Estate for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Koch is responsible for leading the development of the Company’s real estate strategy and managing the implementation to include lease management, construction and architecture of all new, relocated, reformatted or closing stores. more..., 
Ronald Lalla, Executive Vice President, Merchandising, Ronald Lalla, was named Executive Vice President of Merchandising for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Lalla is responsible for defining the overall Merchandising category and assortment strategy, and strengthening market position and brand recognition through innovative product development and strategic vendor relationships. more...
Ronald Lalla was named Executive Vice President of Merchandising for Office Depot, Inc. in December 2013. In this role, Lalla is responsible for defining the overall Merchandising category and assortment strategy, and strengthening market position and brand recognition through innovative product development and strategic vendor relationships. more..., 
Troy Rice, Executive Vice President, Retail, Troy Rice, was named Executive Vice President, Retail, for Office Depot, Inc. in April 2014. Rice is responsible for managing the Company’s stores organization and setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales while developing an omni-channel shopping experience aimed at increasing share of wallet.  more...
Troy Rice was named Executive Vice President, Retail for Office Depot, Inc. in April 2014. Rice is responsible for managing the Company’s stores organization and setting strategic direction to grow profitable sales while developing an omni-channel shopping experience aimed at increasing share of wallet. , more..., 
http://news.officedepot.com/corporate-info/senior-leadership