
Tricia Griffith President and Chief Executive Officer,  Tricia Griffith was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer,  and elected to the Board of Directors in July of 2016. Prior to being named CEO, Griffith served as Personal Lines Chief Operating Officer since April, 2015 overseeing the Company’s Personal Lines, Claims and Customer Relationship Management groups. Tricia joined Progressive as a claims representative in 1988 and has served in many key leadership positions during her tenure. She held several managerial positions in the Claims division before being named Chief Human Resources Officer in 2002. In 2008, she returned to Claims as the group president, overseeing all claims functions. Prior to being named Personal Lines Chief Operating Officer, Tricia was President of Customer Operations, overseeing claims and the customer management group, which comprises the company's contact center group (sales and delivery), as well as the customer experience, systems experience and workforce management groups. Tricia has a bachelor's degree from Illinois State University and is a graduate of the Wharton School of Business' Advanced Management Program.
John Barbagallo Commercial Lines Group President,  John was named Commercial Lines group president in September 2007. In his role, he is responsible for Commercial lines profit and loss, product development and deployment, agency and direct channel marketing, business development and IT platform strategy. He joined Progressive in 1983 as a claims adjuster. Since then, his career has included management positions in Claims, Sales, Operations and Marketing. He served as Agency general manager for the Company’s Great Plains, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions, as well as Agency Business group president. He most recently led Progressive’s enterprise wide Agency Distribution and Agency Experience process groups. John holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Union College in Schenectady, N.Y. and a master’s degree in management from Purdue University.
Steve Broz Chief Information Officer,  Steve was named Chief Information Officer,  in January of 2016. He leads an organization delivering innovative and effective solutions for Progressive's customers, agents and employees. He is responsible for all aspects of information technology at the company, including information technology strategy, operations and processes. Since joining Progressive in 2001, Steve has held leadership positions in Customer Experience, Claims Process, Personal Lines and IT Enterprise Project Management. Prior to joining Progressive, Steve was a senior business manager at Capital One Financial Corporation. Steve holds a bachelor's degree from Princeton University and a master's from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at The University of Virginia.
Pat Callahan Personal Lines President,  Pat was named President of Progressive's Personal Lines Group in April 2015. In this role, Pat manages Progressive's $17B private passenger auto and recreational products businesses across the country including product design/development/management, demand generation and new customer acquisition for both agency and direct to consumer channels. Pat joined Progressive more than 12 years ago and has held various product and general management responsibilities, including Personal Lines Acquisition Leader and General Manager of Special Lines. Prior to joining Progressive, he managed engineering projects and plant operations for Kimberly Clark and co-founded an online distributor of recycled Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) auto parts. Pat has an MBA from Northwestern’s Kellogg School of Management and a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Lafayette College.
Jeff Charney Chief Marketing Officer,  Jeff joined Progressive in 2010 from insurance company, Aflac, where he was Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, . He previously held CMO posts at multimedia retailer QVC and Homestore.com (now Move.com) and was President of Fringe Ventures, an experiential digital/marketing and consulting company he founded. Since joining Progressive, he has been named “Brand Genius: Marketer of the Year” by Adweek, was honored as one of the nation’s “Top 100 Creative People in Business” by Fast Company and was named to the “Creativity 50” by Advertising Age. Jeff holds a bachelor’s degree in journalism with a focus on advertising and public relations from the University of South Carolina and a master’s degree in journalism from The Ohio State University.
Bill Cody Chief Investment Officer,  Bill was named Chief Investment Officer,  in 2003. He is responsible for overseeing Progressive’s investment portfolio. He joined Progressive in 1996 as a portfolio manager. At various times during his career at Progressive he has administered Progressive’s corporate bond, CMBS, residential mortgage, preferred stock and municipal bond portfolios. Prior to joining Progressive, Bill was an options trader for a number of securities dealers in New York City. Bill has a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from State University of New York-Buffalo and an MBA from Columbia University.
Chuck Jarrett Chief Legal Officer,  Chuck has held the position of Chief Legal Officer,  since joining the company in November 2000. In his role, he is responsible for managing the legal affairs of The Progressive Corporation and its subsidiaries. Prior to joining Progressive, Chuck gained 17 years of business-related litigation experience with law firms in Boston and Cleveland. He is admitted to the Ohio Bar, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court. Chuck has a bachelor’s of arts degree with a major in government from Dartmouth College and a law degree from the University of Michigan.
Valerie Krasowski Chief Human Resource Officer,  Valerie has held the position of Chief Human Resource Officer,  since August 2008. In her role, she is responsible for all talent management and other personnel-related strategies and practices to support Progressive’s operations. Since joining Progressive in 1987 as an information system analyst, Valerie has served in a variety of roles including product manager, director of Progressive’s Compensation & Benefits group and most recently general manager of Progressive’s Special Lines group. Valerie has a bachelor’s degree in applied science from Miami University in Oxford, OH and an MBA from Baldwin Wallace College in Berea, OH.
John Murphy Customer Relationship Management President,  John was named Customer Relationship Management Business Leader (CRM) in February 2015. In his role, he is responsible for the company’s customer care group (sales and delivery), as well as customer experience, systems experience and other operational support functions. John joined Progressive as a claims representative in 1992. During his tenure, he has held various roles and responsibilities including Regional Claims Manager, National Implementation Leader, California Claims Business Leader and most recently Service Center and Physical Damage National Business Leader. John has a bachelor’s degree in psychology from State University of New York.
John Sauerland Chief Financial Officer,  John became Chief Financial Officer,  in April 2015. John joined Progressive in 1990 as a summer intern before starting full time in 1991 as an Assistant Product Manager in Cleveland, Ohio. Since then, he has served as Product Manager for, at various times, Iowa, Kansas, South Dakota and Pennsylvania. He has also served as General Manager for Mississippi and later as General Manager for Minnesota and Wisconsin. John was the Claims General Manager responsible for the delivery of 24/7 Progressive Claims Service for eight Midwestern states. In 2006, he was named President of Progressive’s Direct business and, after the combination of our Agency and Direct businesses, he served as President of Personal Lines for eight years. John has a bachelor’s degree in applied mathematics from UCLA and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Michael Sieger Claims President,  Mike was named Claims President,  in January 2015. In this role, he is responsible for claims strategy and ensuring execution of Progressive’s four Claims Guiding Principles of Accuracy, Efficiency, Work Environment and Customer Service. Mike joined progressive as an intern in 1988 and became a full-time employee in 1990 as a Corporate Marketing Product Manager. During his tenure he has served as a Product Manager in Mississippi, a General Manager for the state of Washington and Pennsylvania and the Northeast Claims General Manager. Prior to becoming Claims President, , Mike led the Corporate Claims Process group since 2007. Mike has a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Case Western Reserve University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Home & Property,  Homeowners Renters Condo Mobile Home Flood
Homeowners,  Renters,  Condo,  Mobile Home,  Flood, 
Zip Code,   Bundle for even more savings! Auto + Home Auto + Renters Auto + Condo Auto Home Renters Condo Mobile Home Classic Car Motorcycle/ATV Boat/PWC RV/Trailer Snowmobile Term Life Health Commercial Auto Business Travel Pet Mechanical Repair ID Theft Auto + HomeAuto + RentersAuto + CondoAutoHomeRentersCondoMobile HomeClassic CarMotorcycle/ATVBoat/PWCRV/TrailerSnowmobileTerm LifeHealthCommercial AutoBusinessTravelPetMechanical RepairID Theft
Auto,  Home,  Renters,  Condo,  Mobile Home, ,  Classic Car, 
 Bundle for even more savings! Auto + Home Auto + Renters Auto + Condo Auto Home Renters Condo Mobile Home Classic Car Motorcycle/ATV Boat/PWC RV/Trailer Snowmobile Term Life Health Commercial Auto Business Travel Pet Mechanical Repair ID Theft Auto + HomeAuto + RentersAuto + CondoAutoHomeRentersCondoMobile HomeClassic CarMotorcycle/ATVBoat/PWCRV/TrailerSnowmobileTerm LifeHealthCommercial AutoBusinessTravelPetMechanical RepairID Theft, 
https://www.progressive.com/progressive-insurance/leadership/