
Private Equity, 
Private Equity, Real Estate, Energy, Infrastructure, Credit, Hedge Funds, Capital Markets, KKR Portfolio, 
× Drawbridge Realty Fund Investors By clicking “OK” below, I acknowledge that I have read and understood the following important information: Access to the KKR Investor Portal is provided to investors in Drawbridge Realty Partners, L.P. (the “Drawbridge Fund”) by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its affiliates, “KKR”) solely in KKR’s capacity as an administrator to the Drawbridge Fund and at the direction of Drawbridge Realty (“Drawbridge”). Information regarding the Drawbridge Fund accessed through the KKR Investor Portal is confidential and intended for Drawbridge Fund investors only. The recipient should not distribute this Communication to any person (other than its legal, investment or tax advisors) without the prior consent of Drawbridge. Drawbridge is an independently managed real estate investment vehicle. KKR has a financial and/or control interest in, and provides certain services to the Drawbridge Fund and/or its sponsor, but KKR is not the investment advisor to the Drawbridge Fund or any portfolio investment of the Drawbridge Fund. Further, KKR is under no obligation to provide the Drawbridge Fund with investment opportunities and in many cases will be prohibited from doing so by KKR’s internal policies and procedures. No person should rely upon the past performance or reputation of KKR or its investment products when considering any security offered by the Drawbridge Fund or Drawbridge. Ok, 
Executive Officers, 
Principal Activities, 
Private Equity, 
Energy Private Equity, 
Managing Director, 
Director, 
Principal, 
+ more, Henry R. Kravis Co-Chairman and Co-CEO, 
+ more, George R. Roberts Co-Chairman and Co-CEO, 
+ more, Todd A. Fisher Member & Chief Administrative Officer, 
+ more, William J. Janetschek Member & Chief Financial Officer, 
+ more, David J. Sorkin Member & General Counsel, 
Rupen Jhaveri Director, Private Equity, Mumbai + Learn More, Steven R. Okun Director of Asia-Pacific Public Affairs, Singapore + Learn More, 
Stanley Ho Director, Client and Partner Group, Hong Kong + Learn More, 
Brittany Bagley Director, Private Equity, Menlo Park + Learn More, 
Eric Wolfe Member, Hedge Funds, New York + Learn More, Jurcell Virginia Director, Client and Partner Group, London + Learn More, 
Private Equity, Real Estate, Energy, Infrastructure, Credit, Hedge Funds, Capital Markets, KKR Portfolio, 
http://www.kkr.com/our-firm/leadership