
EMAIL,  PRINT,  RSS,  TEAR SHEET,  SHARE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Blogger Digg
Facebook,  Twitter,  LinkedIn,  Google+,  Blogger,  Digg, 
Directors,  James H. Quigley Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, , Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations
James H. Quigley,  Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, 
	1Rodney F. Chase	,  	2Former Deputy Group Chief Executive	, BP, 
	1Terrence J. Checki	,  	2Former Executive Vice President and Head	, 	3Emerging Markets and International Affairs	, 	3Federal Reserve Bank of New York	, 
	1Harvey Golub	,  	2Former Chairman	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 	3American Express	, 
	1John B. Hess	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	, 
	1Edith E. Holiday	,  	2Former Assistant	 to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; 	2former General Counsel	, 	3United States Department of the Treasury	, 
	1Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 	3The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation	, 
	1David McManus	,  	2Former Executive Vice President	, 	3Pioneer Natural Resources	, 
	1Dr. Kevin O. Meyers	,  	2Former Senior Vice President	 of 	3E&P	 for the Americas, ConocoPhillips, 
	1John H. Mullin III	,  	2Chairman, 	3Ridgeway Farm LLC	; 	2former Managing Director	, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., 
	1Fredric G. Reynolds	,  	2Former Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	, CBS Corporation, 
	1William G. Schrader	,  	2Former Chief Operating Officer	, TNK-BP Russia, 
	1Robert N. Wilson	,  	2Chairman	, 	3Mevion Medical Systems	; 	2former Vice Chairman	 of the 	3Board of Directors	, Johnson & Johnson, 
	2Directors	 	1James H. Quigley	 	2Chairman	 of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers,  John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations
	1John B. Hess	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer,  John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer,  of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company.
	1Gregory P. Hill	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	,  Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer,  Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer,  of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ... 
	1Zhanna Golodryga	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Services and Chief Information Officer	,  Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer,  Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C... 
	1Timothy B. Goodell	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	,  Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe... , 
	1Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz	,  	2Senior Vice President	, Exploration,  Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration,  Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration,  for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ... 
	1Richard Lynch	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Global Drilling, Completions and Development	,  Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ... , 
	1Howard Paver	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development	, 
	1John P. Rielly	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  for Hess Corporation... 
	1Andrew Slentz	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,  Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  for Hess Corporation, a global ind... 
	1Scott Sloan	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development	,  Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development,  Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ... 
	1Brian Truelove	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Offshore	,  Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore,  Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene... 
	1Michael R. Turner	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Onshore	,  Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore,  Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore,  Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in... 
	1Mykel Ziolo	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	, 
	1George C. Barry	,  	2Vice President	, 	2Secretary and Deputy General Counsel	, 
	1C. Martin Dunagin	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Corporate Tax	, 
	1Eric Fishman	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Treasurer	, 
	1Indrani Franchin	i,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Chief Compliance Officer	, 
	1Drew Maloney	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Government and External Affairs	, 
	1Alex Sagebien	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Environment, Health and Safety	, 
	1Jonathan C. Stein	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Chief Risk Officer	, 
	1Kevin B. Wilcox	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Exploration and Production Controller	, 
	1Jay R. Wilson	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Investor Relations	, 
Home/ Company/ Media/ Leadership Leadership EMAIL PRINT RSS TEAR SHEET SHARE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Blogger Digg Directors James H. Quigley Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations Return to top, 
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=101801&p=irol-govBoard
