
skip to main content,  Shop Online |  Find a Store |  Weekly Circular Investor Relations Press Room Investor Relations Press Room Company Information Company Overview Industry Overview Vision | Mission Acquisition History Management Financial Information Results Center Financial Releases SEC Filings Presentations & Webcasts Annual Reports & Proxy Reg. G Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Stock Quote & Chart Dividends, Splits & Repurchases Corporate Governance Governance Overview Committee Composition Governance Guidelines Code of Conduct Board of Directors Section 16 Filings Conflict Minerals Investor Services Contact Us FAQs Email Alerts Information/Material Requests Company Information Company Overview Industry Overview Vision | Mission Acquisition History Management Financial Information Results Center Financial Releases SEC Filings Presentations & Webcasts Annual Reports & Proxy Reg. G Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Stock Quote & Chart Dividends, Splits & Repurchases Corporate Governance Governance Overview Committee Composition Governance Guidelines Code of Conduct Board of Directors Section 16 Filings Conflict Minerals Investor Services Contact Us FAQs Email Alerts Information/Material Requests Home > Company Information > Management Email Print Management Show All Edward W. Stack Chief Executive Officer of DICK'S Sporting Goods Chairman of the Board since 1984 Ed Stack has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1984 when the founder and his father, Richard "Dick" Stack, retired from our then two store chain. Ed Stack has served us full time since 1977 in a variety of positions, including President, Store Manager and Merchandise Manager. André J. Hawaux Executive Vice President – Chief Operating Officer André Hawaux joined DICK’S Sporting Goods as the Executive Vice President - Finance, Administration and Chief Financial Officer in June 2013. André currently serves as our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. In this role, he is responsible for all aspects of Real Estate & Development, Store Operations, Store Environment, Information Technology and Human Resources. Prior to joining DICK’S, André served as the President, Consumer Foods at ConAgra Foods for four years. From 2006 to 2009, André served as ConAgra Foods’ Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer where he was responsible for the company's Finance and Information System and Services organizations. Prior to ConAgra Foods, André was the general manager of a large U.S. division of PepsiAmericas and previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Pepsi-Cola North America and Pepsi International's China business unit. Lauren R. Hobart Executive Vice President – Chief Marketing Officer Lauren Hobart joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in February 2011 as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. Lauren currently serves as the Company's Executive Vice President/Chief Marketing Officer and Chelsea Collective General Manager. In this role, she oversees marketing for all of the Company's lines of business, as well as the strategy, merchandising and operations for our specialty shop, Chelsea Collective. In addition, Lauren serves as the President of The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation. Prior to joining DICK'S, Lauren spent 14 years at PepsiCo in various roles, culminating in being the CMO of Carbonated Soft Drinks in North America. In addition to other significant marketing roles within PepsiCo, Lauren also worked with JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo earlier in her career. Since January 2014, Lauren has served on Sonic Corporation's Board of Directors. Teri L. List-Stoll Executive Vice President – Chief Financial Officer Teri List-Stoll came to DICK’S Sporting Goods as the Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer in August 2015. In this role, she is responsible for planning, implementing and controlling our Company’s financial-related activities, as well as overseeing DICK’S legal, property management and investor relations. Prior to joining DICK’S, Teri served as the Executive Vice President – Chief Financial Officer with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Prior to Kraft, Teri spent 19 years with The Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati, OH in various roles, including Corporate Controller and Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Early in her career, Teri worked for Deloitte & Touche, LLP. Lee J. Belitsky Executive Vice President – Product Development and Planning, Allocations and Replenishment Lee Belitsky joined DICK'S in 1997 as Vice President-Controller, and became our Treasurer in 2004. During his tenure, he has held numerous roles of increasing responsibility, including: Senior Vice President and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; Senior Vice President – Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; Senior Vice President – Store Operations and Distribution/Transportation; and most recently, Senior Vice President – Product Development. Prior to joining DICK'S, Lee Belitsky was the Chief Financial Officer of Domain, Inc., a Boston-based home furnishings retailer, he also served as the Vice President- Controller and Treasurer with Morse Shoe, Inc. and Audit Manager at KPMG. Michele B. Willoughby Executive Vice President – eCommerce and Supply Chain Michele Willoughby joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in March 2004 as Vice President – Planning and Allocation. She was promoted to Senior Vice President – Supply Chain in 2009 after serving as a key leader in our integration of the former Chick’s Sporting Goods business in California. In November 2010, the Company added eCommerce to her responsibilities. In July 2013, Michele Willoughby was promoted to Executive Vice President – Inventory, Supply Chain and eCommerce. Ronald E. Baime Senior Vice President – GMM Ron Baime joined DICK’S Sporting Goods in 2005 as a Divisional Merchandising Manager (DMM) for our golf business. During his tenure with the Company, he has held numerous roles of increasing responsibility, including DMM Licensed, Vice President/DMM – Golf Galaxy, Vice President/DMM – Tackle, General Merchandising Manager (GMM) for Hunt & Fish, and most recently, Senior Vice President of Merchandising for Team Sports, Hunt, Fish & Outdoor Equipment. Prior to joining DICK’S, Ron served as the Head Merchant at Five Below. Throughout his career he has held various senior leadership roles at Best Buy, Circuit City, Kohl’s Department Stores and May Department Stores. George P. Giacobbe Senior Vice President – Supply Chain George Giacobbe joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in 1999 as a Department Manager at the Smithton Distribution Center. George Giacobbe was promoted to the Director of Logistics and Project Manager in 2006, and has since held the roles of Senior Director of Operations for the Plainfield Distribution Center and VP of Supply Chain. In 2014, George Giacobbe was promoted to the role of SVP of Supply Chain. Prior to joining DICK’S, George Giacobbe employed with Lord & Taylor for 15 years, where he started as an executive trainee and held increasing roles of responsibility in operations. John E. Hayes III Senior Vice President – General Counsel and Secretary John Hayes joined DICK’S Sporting Goods as Senior Vice President – General Counsel & Secretary in January 2015. Prior to joining DICK’S, John served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Coldwater Creek. During his tenure with Coldwater he also served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources and interim Senior Vice President and CFO. Prior to Coldwater, John was a partner with various prestigious law firms, including Hogan & Hartson, LLP in Boulder, CO, and Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP in Broomfield, CO. George S. Hill Senior Vice President – Retail George Hill joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in January 2014 as Senior Vice President – Retail. Prior to joining DICK'S, he held various senior leadership roles at Office Depot, Inc., including SVP – Copy and Print Depot and Managed Print Services. Prior to Office Depot, Inc., George Hill spent 18 years at The Home Depot, where he was instrumental in the development of the super store business model, transforming the industry and driving The Home Depot to market leadership. Joseph R. Oliver Senior Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer Joe Oliver became our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer in November 2009. Prior to that time, Joe Oliver served as Vice President and Controller of the Company since February 2006. He served as Director of Accounting for DICK'S from May 2000 to February 2006. Prior to joining DICK'S, Joe Oliver was employed by Dominion Resources from 1983 to 2000 in various finance functions, most recently as Director of Accounting. Daniel L. Ostrowski Senior Vice President – Store Environment Dan Ostrowski was named Senior Vice President, Store Environment in November 2013, overseeing all aspects of our Store Environment. Dan Ostrowski joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in 1999 as a Director of Stores in Field Operations. In 2005, he took on the role of Vice President of New Stores, and in 2008 his role was expanded to include Construction and Facilities and again in 2012 to oversee all facets of the Store Environment as the Vice President of Store Environment. Kurt J. Schnieders Senior Vice President – Information Technology and Chief Information Officer Kurt Schnieders joined DICK'S Sporting Goods as Senior Vice President – Information Technology and Chief Information Officer in December 2013. Prior to joining DICK’S, Kurt Schnieders served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Limited Brands. Previously, he served in various technology roles for ING across the globe including ING Group in the Netherlands, ING Americas, and ING Australia. Alexander L. Tomey Senior Vice President – GMM Alex Tomey joined DICK'S Sporting Goods in June 2011 leading our Apparel and Footwear Merchandising categories. Previously, Alex Tomey was Vice President Product Development and Design for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., where he was responsible for their private and exclusive brand portfolio including apparel, accessories, outerwear and shoes. During his tenure, he led the creation of Wal-Mart's New York Apparel Office as well as managing all aspects of Kid's Apparel. Before joining Wal-Mart, Alex Tomey held Merchandising and Product Development roles with Famous Barr and Kohl's Department Stores. Deborah M. Victorelli Senior Vice President – Human Resources Debbie Victorelli joined DICK'S Human Resources team in 1999. During her tenure, she has held numerous leadership roles of increasing responsibility which include Manager and Director of Employee Relations. In 2004, Debbie Victorelli was promoted to Vice President of Human Resources – Field, where she worked closely with our stores and supply chain networks. In 2013, Debbie Victorelli became the Vice President of Human Resources and led the HR generalist work for all aspects of the business. Prior to joining DICK’S, Debbie Victorelli was employed by Mine Safety Appliances and Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated in various Human Resources roles. Company Information Company Overview Industry Overview Vision | Mission Acquisition History Management Sign Up & Get 10% off Site Map About Us Careers Investor Relations Press Room Promo Exclusions Uniform and Team Sales Corporate Purchases Index [ + ] Find a Store Weekly Circular Credit Card Promos & Coupons Product Availability & Price Recalls Top Brands Site Feedback Contact Customer Service Order by Phone: 1-877-846-9997 Track Your Order Return Policy Shipping Rates Only at Dick's Terms of Use California Disclosures Gift Cards ScoreCard Text Alerts Commercials & Films Primary Sitemap Brands Index Clearance Index Exercise Index Fan Shop Index Footwear Index Outdoor Index Sports Index Shopping Index Featured Searches Fan Shop Athletic Apparel & Workout Clothes Sports Gear & Equipment Exercise Equipment Footwear, Shoes & Cleats   Golf Equipment & Gear Outdoor Gear Clearance Sports Gear Sports Brands Back To School Clothes Sales   Running Gear Kids' Athletic Apparel Basketball Shoes Sports Socks Sports Accessories Privacy Policy ©2016 DICK'S Sporting Goods *Reference Prices are past offerings. No sales may have occurred at this price.
Results Center,  Financial Releases,  SEC Filings,  Presentations & Webcasts,  Annual Reports & Proxy,  Reg. G Information, 
Analyst Coverage,  Stock Quote & Chart,  Dividends, Splits & Repurchases, 
Results Center,  Financial Releases,  SEC Filings,  Presentations & Webcasts,  Annual Reports & Proxy,  Reg. G Information, 
	1Edward W. Stack	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	 of DICK'S Sporting Goods 	2Chairman of the Board	 since 1984
	1André J. Hawaux	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	2Chief Operating Officer	
	1Lauren R. Hobart	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	2Chief Marketing Officer	
	1Teri L. List-Stoll	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	2Chief Financial Officer	
	1Lee J. Belitsky	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	3Product Development and Planning, Allocations and Replenishment	
	1Michele B. Willoughby	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	3eCommerce	 and 	3Supply Chain	
	1Ronald E. Baime	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3GMM	
	1George P. Giacobbe	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3Supply Chain	
	1John E. Hayes III	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Secretary	
	1George S. Hill	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3Retail	
	1Joseph R. Oliver	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	2Chief Accounting Officer	
	1Daniel L. Ostrowski	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3Store Environment	
	1Kurt J. Schnieders	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3Information Technology	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	
	1Alexander L. Tomey	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3GMM	
	1Deborah M. Victorelli	,  	2Senior Vice President	 – 	3Human Resources	
Contact Customer Service,  Order by Phone: 1-877-846-9997,  Track Your Order,  Return Policy,  Shipping Rates,  Only at Dick's,  Terms of Use,  California Disclosures, 
http://investors.dicks.com/company-information/management.aspx
