
DEALER LOCATOR, 
Historic Stock Lookup, Investment Calculator, Dividend History, Analyst Coverage, 
DEALER LOCATOR, 
Roger S. Penske, Chairman of the Board and CEO, Roger S. Penske, Chairman of the Board and CEO, Mr. Penske has served as our Chairman and CEO since May 1999. Mr. Penske has also been Chairman of the Board and CEO, of Penske Corporation since 1969. Mr. Penske has also been Chairman of the Board of Penske Truck Leasing Corporation since 1982. Mr. Penske serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Universal Technical Institute, and was formerly a director of General Electric Company and Internet Brands, Inc. in the previous five years. Mr. Penske also is a director of the Downtown Detroit Partnership and a director of Business Leaders for Michigan.
Roger S. Penske, Chairman of the Board and CEO, Mr. Penske has served as our Chairman and CEO since May 1999. Mr. Penske has also been Chairman of the Board and CEO of Penske Corporation since 1969. Mr. Penske has also been Chairman of the Board of Penske Truck Leasing Corporation since 1982. Mr. Penske serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Universal Technical Institute, and was formerly a director of General Electric Company and Internet Brands, Inc. in the previous five years. Mr. Penske also is a director of the Downtown Detroit Partnership and a director of Business Leaders for Michigan., 
Robert H. Kurnick,  Jr., President, Robert H. Kurnick,  Jr., President, Mr. Kurnick Jr. has served as our President, since April 2008. From March 2006 to April 2008 he served as our Vice Chairman and has been a director since May 2006. From February 2000 until March 2006, Mr. Kurnick served as our Executive Vice President, and General Counsel. He also serves as President, and a director of Penske Corporation, which he joined in 1995. Penske Corporation is a privately owned diversified transportation services company that holds, through its subsidiaries, interests in a number of businesses.
Robert H. Kurnick,  Jr., President, Mr. Kurnick Jr. has served as our President since April 2008. From March 2006 to April 2008 he served as our Vice Chairman and has been a director since May 2006. From February 2000 until March 2006, Mr. Kurnick served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. He also serves as President and a director of Penske Corporation, which he joined in 1995. Penske Corporation is a privately owned diversified transportation services company that holds, through its subsidiaries, interests in a number of businesses., 
Claude (“Bud”) H.  Denker, III, Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Claude (“Bud”) H.  Denker, III, Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Mr. Denker has served as our Executive Vice President, Human Resources, since July 1, 2015. He also serves as Executive Vice President, Marketing and Communications of Penske Corporation, which he joined in 2005. Mr. Denker served as our Executive Vice President – Marketing from 2005 to June 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Denker served as Vice President, Brand and Market Development for Eastman Kodak Company from 2001-2005.
Claude (“Bud”) H.  Denker, III, Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Mr. Denker has served as our Executive Vice President, Human Resources since July 1, 2015. He also serves as Executive Vice President, Marketing and Communications of Penske Corporation, which he joined in 2005. Mr. Denker served as our Executive Vice President – Marketing from 2005 to June 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Denker served as Vice President, Brand and Market Development for Eastman Kodak Company from 2001-2005., 
J.D. Carlson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, J.D. Carlson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Carlson has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, since June 16, 2015 and as our Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer since May 3, 2011. Mr. Carlson has served as our Corporate Controller since April 2006. Prior to joining us, Mr. Carlson was Corporate Controller for Tecumseh Products. He was previously a Senior Manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting and financial advisory services firm, which he joined in 1995.
J.D. Carlson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Carlson has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 16, 2015 and as our Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer since May 3, 2011. Mr. Carlson has served as our Corporate Controller since April 2006. Prior to joining us, Mr. Carlson was Corporate Controller for Tecumseh Products. He was previously a Senior Manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting and financial advisory services firm, which he joined in 1995., 
George Brochick, Executive Vice President, Strategic Development, George Brochick, Executive Vice President, Strategic Development, Mr. Brochick has served as Executive Vice President of Strategic Development since July 1, 2012. Prior to this he served as Executive Vice President of our Western Region since December 2002. He joined PAG in 1996 upon the sale of the former Sun Automotive Group to Penske Automotive. In addition to his current executive functions, Mr. Brochick has held numerous dealership general manager positions throughout his automotive career. From 1977 to 1984, prior to entering the automobile business, Mr. Brochick served as Vice President, Operations, for Southwest Kenworth, Inc. Mr. Brochick also held the position of Director, Marketing Services, for Euclid, Inc., a division of Daimler-Benz, A.G., with worldwide responsibilities for market research and technical field studies. Mr. Brochick currently serves as a Board Member of the American International Automobile Dealers Association.
George Brochick, Executive Vice President, Strategic Development, Mr. Brochick has served as Executive Vice President of Strategic Development since July 1, 2012. Prior to this he served as Executive Vice President of our Western Region since December 2002. He joined PAG in 1996 upon the sale of the former Sun Automotive Group to Penske Automotive. In addition to his current executive functions, Mr. Brochick has held numerous dealership general manager positions throughout his automotive career. From 1977 to 1984, prior to entering the automobile business, Mr. Brochick served as Vice President, Operations, for Southwest Kenworth, Inc. Mr. Brochick also held the position of Director, Marketing Services, for Euclid, Inc., a division of Daimler-Benz, A.G., with worldwide responsibilities for market research and technical field studies. Mr. Brochick currently serves as a Board Member of the American International Automobile Dealers Association., 
Gerard Nieuwenhuys, Chairman of the Sytner Group, Gerard Nieuwenhuys, Chairman of the Sytner Group, Mr. Nieuwenhuys Chairman of Sytner since September 2014. His earlier career with Sytner began in November 1990, when Mr. Nieuwenhuys joined the company as Sales Manager when it was a single BMW dealership in Nottingham. He was appointed Sales Director of BMW Nottingham in 1992, becoming Managing Director of that dealership in 1993 to coincide with the Group's first acquisition. In 1996, he became Operations Director of the Group, and was appointed Joint Managing Director in 2003. Prior to joining Sytner Group, Mr. Nieuwenhuys was employed at Inchape as Sales Executive becoming Sales Manager of two dealerships in 1983. Mr. Nieuwenhuys served as Managing Director of the Sytner Group from May 2005 to September 2014.
Gerard Nieuwenhuys, Chairman of the Sytner Group, Mr. Nieuwenhuys Chairman of Sytner since September 2014. His earlier career with Sytner began in November 1990, when Mr. Nieuwenhuys joined the company as Sales Manager when it was a single BMW dealership in Nottingham. He was appointed Sales Director of BMW Nottingham in 1992, becoming Managing Director of that dealership in 1993 to coincide with the Group's first acquisition. In 1996, he became Operations Director of the Group, and was appointed Joint Managing Director in 2003. Prior to joining Sytner Group, Mr. Nieuwenhuys was employed at Inchape as Sales Executive becoming Sales Manager of two dealerships in 1983. Mr. Nieuwenhuys served as Managing Director of the Sytner Group from May 2005 to September 2014., 
R. Whitfield Ramonat, Executive Vice President, Central Operations, R. Whitfield Ramonat, Executive Vice President, Central Operations, Mr. Ramonat has served as Executive Vice President since May 2005. Upon joining PAG in October 1999, Mr. Ramonat served as Senior Vice President, Manufacturer Relations until November 2003. From December 2003 until December 2005 Mr. Ramonat managed the Brand Team with PAG's OEM partners as Senior Vice President, Manufacturer Relations. In May 2005, Mr. Ramonat was promoted to Executive Vice President, Penske Automotive Group, and in December of the same year, Mr. Ramonat assumed the responsibility for PAG's Central Region, in addition to his brand responsibilities. From 1986 to 1999, Mr. Ramonat was employed with Nissan North America, where he held various sales and marketing positions, including Director, Sales Operations for Nissan Division, and Director, Business Planning for Nissan North America.
R. Whitfield Ramonat, Executive Vice President, Central Operations, Mr. Ramonat has served as Executive Vice President since May 2005. Upon joining PAG in October 1999, Mr. Ramonat served as Senior Vice President, Manufacturer Relations until November 2003. From December 2003 until December 2005 Mr. Ramonat managed the Brand Team with PAG's OEM partners as Senior Vice President, Manufacturer Relations. In May 2005, Mr. Ramonat was promoted to Executive Vice President, Penske Automotive Group, and in December of the same year, Mr. Ramonat assumed the responsibility for PAG's Central Region, in addition to his brand responsibilities. From 1986 to 1999, Mr. Ramonat was employed with Nissan North America, where he held various sales and marketing positions, including Director, Sales Operations for Nissan Division, and Director, Business Planning for Nissan North America., 
John Cragg, Executive Vice President, East Operations, John Cragg, Executive Vice President, East Operations, Mr. Cragg has served as Executive Vice President of our Eastern Region since July 1, 2012. Most recently, he had been Divisional Managing Director – Volkswagen Group, overseeing Sytner Group’s Southern Market area since June 2005. In 2004, John held the position of Audi Franchise Director in Sytner’s Northern Market area. Mr. Cragg began his automotive career in 1987 and joined the Sytner Group in March 1994, where he established himself as the number one sales executive within the Sytner Direct sales operation.
John Cragg, Executive Vice President, East Operations, Mr. Cragg has served as Executive Vice President of our Eastern Region since July 1, 2012. Most recently, he had been Divisional Managing Director – Volkswagen Group, overseeing Sytner Group’s Southern Market area since June 2005. In 2004, John held the position of Audi Franchise Director in Sytner’s Northern Market area. Mr. Cragg began his automotive career in 1987 and joined the Sytner Group in March 1994, where he established himself as the number one sales executive within the Sytner Direct sales operation., 
Bernie Wolfe, Executive Vice President, West Operations, Bernie Wolfe, Executive Vice President, West Operations, Mr. Wolfe has served as Executive Vice President of our Western Region since July 1, 2012. Most recently he served as Executive Vice President of our Eastern Region since March 2008. Prior to this he had been the Area Vice President responsible for the company’s Southern California businesses. Mr. Wolfe has served in various capacities with PAG since 1999 after a 25-year career with Toyota Motors USA.
Bernie Wolfe, Executive Vice President, West Operations, Mr. Wolfe has served as Executive Vice President of our Western Region since July 1, 2012. Most recently he served as Executive Vice President of our Eastern Region since March 2008. Prior to this he had been the Area Vice President responsible for the company’s Southern California businesses. Mr. Wolfe has served in various capacities with PAG since 1999 after a 25-year career with Toyota Motors USA., 
Shane M. Spradlin, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Shane M. Spradlin, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Mr. Spradlin has served as our Executive Vice President since February 2010, our General Counsel since December 2007, and our Corporate Secretary since March 2004. Mr. Spradlin joined our Company in March 2003. From 1999 to 2003, he served as Corporate Counsel to Nextel Communications in Reston, Virginia. From 1995 through 1999, Mr. Spradlin was an associate with the New York and Washington, D.C. offices of Latham & Watkins, specializing in corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions.
Shane M. Spradlin, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Mr. Spradlin has served as our Executive Vice President since February 2010, our General Counsel since December 2007, and our Corporate Secretary since March 2004. Mr. Spradlin joined our Company in March 2003. From 1999 to 2003, he served as Corporate Counsel to Nextel Communications in Reston, Virginia. From 1995 through 1999, Mr. Spradlin was an associate with the New York and Washington, D.C. offices of Latham & Watkins, specializing in corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions., 
Anthony R. Pordon, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, Anthony R. Pordon, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, Mr. Pordon has served as Executive Vice President since May 2011.  Prior to that Mr. Pordon served as Senior Vice President since January 2006 and Vice President since July 2001.  Mr. Pordon’s primary responsibilities include Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Corporate Development, including the responsibility for establishing, directing and maintaining Penske Automotive’s communication strategies and representation on Wall Street with the buy-side and sell-side analyst community. Mr. Pordon has 19 years of experience in fields related to the automotive industry. Prior to entering the retail automobile business, Mr. Pordon served in various capacities at Detroit Diesel Corporation, a $2 billion manufacturer of heavy-duty diesel engines.  Prior to Detroit Diesel, Mr. Pordon was an auditor for five years at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Anthony R. Pordon, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, Mr. Pordon has served as Executive Vice President since May 2011.  Prior to that Mr. Pordon served as Senior Vice President since January 2006 and Vice President since July 2001.  Mr. Pordon’s primary responsibilities include Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Corporate Development, including the responsibility for establishing, directing and maintaining Penske Automotive’s communication strategies and representation on Wall Street with the buy-side and sell-side analyst community. Mr. Pordon has 19 years of experience in fields related to the automotive industry. Prior to entering the retail automobile business, Mr. Pordon served in various capacities at Detroit Diesel Corporation, a $2 billion manufacturer of heavy-duty diesel engines.  Prior to Detroit Diesel, Mr. Pordon was an auditor for five years at Deloitte & Touche LLP., 
Terri Mulcahey, Executive Vice President, Marketing & Business Development, Terri Mulcahey, Executive Vice President, Marketing & Business Development, Ms. Mulcahey has served as our Executive Vice President, Marketing and Business Development since July 1, 2015. Prior to that Ms. Mulcahey served as our Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business Development from July 1, 2012, and as our Vice President, Business Development from April 9, 2007. Before joining PAG, Ms. Mulcahey served in various roles at the Reynolds and Reynolds Company for 20 years, including the role as Senior Vice President of Sales and Service for North America operations.
Terri Mulcahey, Executive Vice President, Marketing & Business Development, Ms. Mulcahey has served as our Executive Vice President, Marketing and Business Development since July 1, 2015. Prior to that Ms. Mulcahey served as our Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business Development from July 1, 2012, and as our Vice President, Business Development from April 9, 2007. Before joining PAG, Ms. Mulcahey served in various roles at the Reynolds and Reynolds Company for 20 years, including the role as Senior Vice President of Sales and Service for North America operations., 
Rich Hook, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Rich Hook, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Mr. Hook has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, since May 1, 2015. Prior to that he served as our Vice President, IT Infrastructure since July 2009. Before joining the company in 2009, Mr. Hook held various positions at Arthur Andersen LLP, H&R Block Financial Advisors and Federal-Mogul Corporation.
Rich Hook, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Mr. Hook has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since May 1, 2015. Prior to that he served as our Vice President, IT Infrastructure since July 2009. Before joining the company in 2009, Mr. Hook held various positions at Arthur Andersen LLP, H&R Block Financial Advisors and Federal-Mogul Corporation., 
Darren Edwards, Managing Director of the Sytner Group., Darren Edwards, Managing Director of the Sytner Group., Mr. Edwards has served as Managing Director of Sytner since September 2014. Darren joined the Sytner Group in 2004 as a sales manager in the BMW division and eventually became a Dealer Principal, most recently at BMW High Wycombe. Darren then went to become the Franchise Director for BMW South and most recently was the Divisional Managing Director for the Volkswagen Group dealerships.
Darren Edwards, Managing Director of the Sytner Group., Mr. Edwards has served as Managing Director of Sytner since September 2014. Darren joined the Sytner Group in 2004 as a sales manager in the BMW division and eventually became a Dealer Principal, most recently at BMW High Wycombe. Darren then went to become the Franchise Director for BMW South and most recently was the Divisional Managing Director for the Volkswagen Group dealerships., 
Acura, Alpina, Aston Martin, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Bugatti, Cadillac, Chevrolet, 
Jeep, Lamborghini, Land Rover, Lexus, Maserati, Mazda, McLaren, Mercedes-Benz, MB Sprinter, 
smart, Suzuki, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volvo, 
http://investors.penskeautomotive.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=82644&p=irol-govmanage