
Personal Small business Wealth management Business & institutions About us Search Bar Site Search,  Menu Skip to Content Our story +Show Our story Dropdown Show Our story Dropdown Over 200 years of helping people around the world connect with what matters most to them. Who we are Our company What we stand for Our team Our history & heritage Who we serve People Companies Institutional investors How we work Corporate governance & risk Supplier relations Supplier diversity Where we are United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Better Money Habits® We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits® Empowering people with disabilities Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities... learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities Supporting small businesses Learn how we're investing in community development financial institutions to help small businesses.. learn  More about Supporting small businesses Global impact +Show Global impact Dropdown Show Global impact Dropdown Creating connections worldwide along these areas of focus. Responsible business practices Supporting our employees and customers with equitable policies and practices Strengthening our long term stability Assisting customers Strong economies Creating stronger communities through lending, investing and giving Supporting communities Supporting businesses Davos 2016 Environmental sustainability Committing $125 billion to help transition to a low-carbon economy Transformational finance Operations Employee programs & partnerships Governance & policies Leadership & service Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors Arts & culture Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership Diversity & inclusion Promoting a diverse workforce to better serve customers, clients, employees and shareholders Diverse global workforce Recruiting the right talent Councils & employee networks Connect to history Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center Partnering locally +Show Partnering locally Dropdown Show Partnering locally Dropdown What's happening in your community? United States Find by State: Select State > Alabama > Alaska > Arizona > Arkansas > California > Colorado > Connecticut > Delaware > Florida > Georgia > Hawaii > Idaho > Illinois > Indiana > Iowa > Kansas > Kentucky > Louisiana > Maine > Maryland > Massachusetts > Michigan > Minnesota > Mississippi > Missouri > Montana > Nebraska > Nevada > New Hampshire > New Jersey > New Mexico > New York > North Carolina > North Dakota > Ohio > Oklahoma > Oregon > Pennsylvania > Rhode Island > South Carolina > South Dakota > Tennessee > Texas > Utah > Vermont > Virginia > Washington > West Virginia > Wisconsin > Wyoming Featured Metro Areas: Select Metro Area > Atlanta, GA > Baltimore, MD > Boston, MA > Charlotte, NC > Chicago, IL > Dallas, TX > Detroit, MI > Greater Los Angeles, CA > Greater Washington, D.C. > Houston, TX > New York, NY > Phoenix, AZ > San Diego, CA > San Francisco Bay Area, CA > Seattle, WA > Silicon Valley, CA > South Florida, FL Global United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America VIEW ALL How we're involved Empowering women leaders Hunger relief Supporting people with disabilities Service members & veterans Environmental, social and governance performance VIEW ALL Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center ESG Report Read about our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance performance in our new report.. learn  More about ESG Report Hunger Relief See how we're investing in local and national programs to fight hunger.. learn  More about Hunger Relief Newsroom Show Newsroom Dropdown Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom Press releases Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year Press kits Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects Journalist resources Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America Executive biographies Biographies of Bank of America executives Awards & recognition Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations Investor relations Show Investor relations Dropdown Access Financial Information Financial information Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings Investor presentations Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors Fixed income information See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials Annual reports & proxy statements View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements Stock information Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more Shareholder services Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions Newsroom Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more Corporate governance Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business Contact us Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail DID YOU KNOW? Careers Show Careers Dropdown Who we are Our team Experienced, savvy veterans with the foresight, integrity and thought leadership necessary for growth.     Home  /  Our story  /  Who we are  /  Our team Print this article Share this article Meet the leaders of Bank of America Our team is committed to helping provide opportunities for our customers and clients throughout their financial lives. Each team member brings the expertise, judgment, leadership and diversity of thought and experience required to make responsible decisions for all of our stakeholders. Brian Moynihan | Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan Dean Athanasia | President of Preferred and Small Business Banking, Co-head of Consumer Banking Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia Catherine P. Bessant | Chief Operations and Technology Officer Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant Sheri B. Bronstein | Global Human Resources Executive Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein Paul M. Donofrio | Chief Financial Officer Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio Anne M. Finucane | Vice Chairman Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane Geoffrey S. Greener | Chief Risk Officer Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener Christine P. Katziff | Corporate General Auditor Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff Terry Laughlin | Vice Chairman, Head of Global Wealth and Investment Management Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin David G. Leitch | Global General Counsel David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch Gary G. Lynch | Vice Chairman Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch Thomas K. Montag | Chief Operating Officer Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen Andrea B. Smith | Chief Administrative Officer Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith Bruce R. Thompson | Vice Chairman Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson Our team Brian Moynihan Dean Athanasia Catherine P. Bessant Sheri B. Bronstein Paul M. Donofrio Anne M. Finucane Geoffrey S. Greener Christine P. Katziff Terry Laughlin David G. Leitch Gary G. Lynch Thomas K. Montag Thong M. Nguyen Andrea B. Smith Bruce R. Thompson Who we are Our company What we stand for Our team Our history & heritage Report center View a collection of reports, fact sheets and financial updates for more detailed information. View all reports History & heritage Our story  Who we are Who we serve How we work Where we are Global impact  Responsible business practices Strong economies Environmental sustainability Leadership & service Arts & culture Diversity & inclusion Partnering locally  View partnering locally content See what is happening near you Newsroom  Press releases , link will open in new window Press kits , link will open in new window Journalist resources , link will open in new window Executive biographies, link will open in new window Awards & recognition , link will open in new window Investor relations  Financial information , link will open in new window Investor presentations , link will open in new window Fixed income information, link will open in new window Annual reports & proxy statements , link will open in new window Stock information , link will open in new window Shareholder services , link will open in new window Careers Locations Contact us Help Accessible banking Privacy & security Social community guidelines Site map Advertising practices Advertising practices We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that. Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have. If you prefer that we not use this information, you can opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us. To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs. Connect with us , link opens in a new window , link opens in a new window , link opens in a new window This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. Download the latest update of Adobe Reader. Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender  © 2016 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved. Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security, financial instrument, or strategy. Before acting on any information in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue. Content contained herein may have been produced by an outside party that is not affiliated with Bank of America or any of its affiliates (Bank of America). Opinions or ideas expressed are not necessarily those of Bank of America nor do they reflect their views or endorsement. These materials are for informational purposes only. Bank of America does not assume liability for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on the information provided. Certain links may direct you away from Bank of America to an unaffiliated site. Bank of America has not been involved in the preparation of the content supplied at the unaffiliated sites and does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for its content. When you visit these sites, you are agreeing to all of their terms of use, including their privacy and security policies. Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (BofA Corp.). Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Investment, insurance and annuity products: Are Not FDIC Insured | Are Not Bank Guaranteed | May Lose Value | Are Not Deposits | Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency | Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity MLPF&S and Bank of America, N.A. make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of BofA Corp or in which BofA Corp has a substantial economic interest. General disclaimer for Bank of America Merrill Lynch.  
Menu,  Skip to Content Our story +Show Our story Dropdown Show Our story Dropdown Over 200 years of helping people around the world connect with what matters most to them. Who we are Our company What we stand for Our team Our history & heritage Who we serve People Companies Institutional investors How we work Corporate governance & risk Supplier relations Supplier diversity Where we are United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Better Money Habits® We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits® Empowering people with disabilities Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities... learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities Supporting small businesses Learn how we're investing in community development financial institutions to help small businesses.. learn  More about Supporting small businesses Global impact +Show Global impact Dropdown Show Global impact Dropdown Creating connections worldwide along these areas of focus. Responsible business practices Supporting our employees and customers with equitable policies and practices Strengthening our long term stability Assisting customers Strong economies Creating stronger communities through lending, investing and giving Supporting communities Supporting businesses Davos 2016 Environmental sustainability Committing $125 billion to help transition to a low-carbon economy Transformational finance Operations Employee programs & partnerships Governance & policies Leadership & service Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors Arts & culture Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership Diversity & inclusion Promoting a diverse workforce to better serve customers, clients, employees and shareholders Diverse global workforce Recruiting the right talent Councils & employee networks Connect to history Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center Partnering locally +Show Partnering locally Dropdown Show Partnering locally Dropdown What's happening in your community? United States Find by State: Select State > Alabama > Alaska > Arizona > Arkansas > California > Colorado > Connecticut > Delaware > Florida > Georgia > Hawaii > Idaho > Illinois > Indiana > Iowa > Kansas > Kentucky > Louisiana > Maine > Maryland > Massachusetts > Michigan > Minnesota > Mississippi > Missouri > Montana > Nebraska > Nevada > New Hampshire > New Jersey > New Mexico > New York > North Carolina > North Dakota > Ohio > Oklahoma > Oregon > Pennsylvania > Rhode Island > South Carolina > South Dakota > Tennessee > Texas > Utah > Vermont > Virginia > Washington > West Virginia > Wisconsin > Wyoming Featured Metro Areas: Select Metro Area > Atlanta, GA > Baltimore, MD > Boston, MA > Charlotte, NC > Chicago, IL > Dallas, TX > Detroit, MI > Greater Los Angeles, CA > Greater Washington, D.C. > Houston, TX > New York, NY > Phoenix, AZ > San Diego, CA > San Francisco Bay Area, CA > Seattle, WA > Silicon Valley, CA > South Florida, FL Global United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America VIEW ALL How we're involved Empowering women leaders Hunger relief Supporting people with disabilities Service members & veterans Environmental, social and governance performance VIEW ALL Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center ESG Report Read about our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance performance in our new report.. learn  More about ESG Report Hunger Relief See how we're investing in local and national programs to fight hunger.. learn  More about Hunger Relief Newsroom Show Newsroom Dropdown Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom Press releases Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year Press kits Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects Journalist resources Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America Executive biographies Biographies of Bank of America executives Awards & recognition Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations Investor relations Show Investor relations Dropdown Access Financial Information Financial information Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings Investor presentations Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors Fixed income information See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials Annual reports & proxy statements View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements Stock information Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more Shareholder services Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions Newsroom Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more Corporate governance Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business Contact us Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail DID YOU KNOW? Careers Show Careers Dropdown
Skip to Content,  Our story +Show Our story Dropdown Show Our story Dropdown Over 200 years of helping people around the world connect with what matters most to them. Who we are Our company What we stand for Our team Our history & heritage Who we serve People Companies Institutional investors How we work Corporate governance & risk Supplier relations Supplier diversity Where we are United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Better Money Habits® We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits® Empowering people with disabilities Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities... learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities Supporting small businesses Learn how we're investing in community development financial institutions to help small businesses.. learn  More about Supporting small businesses Global impact +Show Global impact Dropdown Show Global impact Dropdown Creating connections worldwide along these areas of focus. Responsible business practices Supporting our employees and customers with equitable policies and practices Strengthening our long term stability Assisting customers Strong economies Creating stronger communities through lending, investing and giving Supporting communities Supporting businesses Davos 2016 Environmental sustainability Committing $125 billion to help transition to a low-carbon economy Transformational finance Operations Employee programs & partnerships Governance & policies Leadership & service Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors Arts & culture Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership Diversity & inclusion Promoting a diverse workforce to better serve customers, clients, employees and shareholders Diverse global workforce Recruiting the right talent Councils & employee networks Connect to history Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center Partnering locally +Show Partnering locally Dropdown Show Partnering locally Dropdown What's happening in your community? United States Find by State: Select State > Alabama > Alaska > Arizona > Arkansas > California > Colorado > Connecticut > Delaware > Florida > Georgia > Hawaii > Idaho > Illinois > Indiana > Iowa > Kansas > Kentucky > Louisiana > Maine > Maryland > Massachusetts > Michigan > Minnesota > Mississippi > Missouri > Montana > Nebraska > Nevada > New Hampshire > New Jersey > New Mexico > New York > North Carolina > North Dakota > Ohio > Oklahoma > Oregon > Pennsylvania > Rhode Island > South Carolina > South Dakota > Tennessee > Texas > Utah > Vermont > Virginia > Washington > West Virginia > Wisconsin > Wyoming Featured Metro Areas: Select Metro Area > Atlanta, GA > Baltimore, MD > Boston, MA > Charlotte, NC > Chicago, IL > Dallas, TX > Detroit, MI > Greater Los Angeles, CA > Greater Washington, D.C. > Houston, TX > New York, NY > Phoenix, AZ > San Diego, CA > San Francisco Bay Area, CA > Seattle, WA > Silicon Valley, CA > South Florida, FL Global United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America VIEW ALL How we're involved Empowering women leaders Hunger relief Supporting people with disabilities Service members & veterans Environmental, social and governance performance VIEW ALL Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center ESG Report Read about our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance performance in our new report.. learn  More about ESG Report Hunger Relief See how we're investing in local and national programs to fight hunger.. learn  More about Hunger Relief Newsroom Show Newsroom Dropdown Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom Press releases Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year Press kits Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects Journalist resources Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America Executive biographies Biographies of Bank of America executives Awards & recognition Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations Investor relations Show Investor relations Dropdown Access Financial Information Financial information Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings Investor presentations Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors Fixed income information See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials Annual reports & proxy statements View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements Stock information Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more Shareholder services Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions Newsroom Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more Corporate governance Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business Contact us Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail DID YOU KNOW? Careers Show Careers Dropdown
Our story,  +Show Our story,  Dropdown Show Our story,  Dropdown Over 200 years of helping people around the world connect with what matters most to them. Who we are Our company What we stand for Our team Our history & heritage Who we serve People Companies Institutional investors How we work Corporate governance & risk Supplier relations Supplier diversity Where we are United States & Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America Resources Report center Looking for grants or sponsorships Find a community development financial institution near you Better Money Habits® We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits® Empowering people with disabilities Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities... learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities Supporting small businesses Learn how we're investing in community development financial institutions to help small businesses.. learn  More about Supporting small businesses
Better Money Habits®,  We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits®, 
We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits®, 
Global impact,  +Show Global impact,  Dropdown Show Global impact,  Dropdown Creating connections worldwide along these areas of focus. Responsible business practices Supporting our employees and customers with equitable policies and practices Strengthening our long term stability Assisting customers Strong economies Creating stronger communities through lending, investing and giving Supporting communities Supporting businesses Davos 2016 Environmental sustainability Committing $125 billion to help transition to a low-carbon economy Transformational finance Operations Employee programs & partnerships Governance & policies Leadership & service Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors Arts & culture Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership Diversity & inclusion Promoting a diverse workforce to better serve customers, clients, employees and shareholders Diverse global workforce Recruiting the right talent Councils & employee networks Connect to history Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders Report center Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving... learn  More about Report center
Leadership & service,  Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors
Neighborhood Builders®,  Student Leaders®,  Volunteerism,  Empowering women leaders,  Global Ambassadors, 
Arts & culture,  Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership
Art conservation project,  Art in our communities,  Museums on us,  Partnerships,  Ken Burns partnership, 
Connect to history,  Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history, 
Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson, .. learn  More about Connect to history, 
Inspiring tomorrow's leaders,  Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders, 
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders, 
Newsroom,  Show Newsroom,  Dropdown Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom,  Press releases Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year Press kits Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects Journalist resources Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America Executive biographies Biographies of Bank of America executives Awards & recognition Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations
Journalist resources,  Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America
Executive biographies,  Biographies of Bank of America executives
Investor relations,  Show Investor relations,  Dropdown Access Financial Information Financial information Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings Investor presentations Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors Fixed income information See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials Annual reports & proxy statements View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements Stock information Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more Shareholder services Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions Newsroom Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more Corporate governance Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business Contact us Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail DID YOU KNOW?
Newsroom,  Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more
	1Brian Moynihan	 | 	2Chairman	 of the Board, 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan
Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan, 
	1Dean Athanasia	 | 	2President	 of 	3Preferred and Small Business Banking	, 	2Co-head	 of Consumer Banking,  Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia
Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia, 
	1Catherine P. Bessant	 | 	2Chief Operations and Technology Officer	,  Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant
Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant, 
	1Sheri B. Bronstein	 | 	2Global Human Resources Executive	,  Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein
Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein, 
	1Paul M. Donofrio	 | 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio
Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio, 
	1Anne M. Finucane	 | 	2Vice Chairman	,  Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane
Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane, 
	1Geoffrey S. Greener	 | 	2Chief Risk Officer	,  Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener
Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener, 
	1Christine P. Katziff	 | 	2Corporate General Auditor	,  Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff
Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff, 
	1Terry Laughlin	 | 	2Vice Chairman	, Head of 	3Global Wealth and Investment Management	,  Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin
Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin, 
	1David G. Leitch	 | 	2Global General Counsel	,  David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch
David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch, 
	1Gary G. Lynch	 | 	2Vice Chairman	,  Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch
Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch, 
	1Thomas K. Montag	 | 	2Chief Operating Officer	,  Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag
Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag, 
	1Thong M. Nguyen	 | 	2President	 of 	3Retail Banking	 and 	2Co-head	 of 	3Consumer Banking	,  Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen, 
	1Andrea B. Smith	 | 	2Chief Administrative Officer	,  Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith
Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith, 
	1Bruce R. Thompson	 | 	2Vice Chairman	,  Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson
Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson, 
Brian Moynihan,  Dean Athanasia,  Catherine P. Bessant,  Sheri B. Bronstein,  Paul M. Donofrio,  Anne M. Finucane,  Geoffrey S. Greener,  Christine P. Katziff,  Terry Laughlin,  David G. Leitch,  Gary G. Lynch,  Thomas K. Montag,  Thong M. Nguyen,  Andrea B. Smith,  Bruce R. Thompson, 
Newsroom ,  Press releases , link will open in new window,  Press kits , link will open in new window,  Journalist resources , link will open in new window,  Executive biographies, link will open in new window,  Awards & recognition , link will open in new window, 
This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. Download the latest update of Adobe Reader, .
http://about.bankofamerica.com/en-us/our-story/our-team.html
