
The Est\u00E9e Lauder Companies,  Global Directory,  Our Company Vision & Values News & Insights 2015 Annual Report Our History Our Brands AERIN Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle Le Labo RODIN olio lusso Aramis Ermenegildo Zegna M•A•C Smashbox Aveda Estée Lauder Marni Tom Ford Bobbi Brown GLAMGLOW Michael Kors Tommy Hilfiger Bumble and bumble Jo Malone London Ojon Tory Burch Clinique Kiton Origins Darphin La Mer Osiao Donna Karan New York Lab Series Prescriptives Corporate Responsibility 2015 Corporate Sustainability Communication on Progress People and Communities Managing for Long-Term Exceptional Products Respecting our Resources Leadership Perspectives Viewpoints Careers Our Culture Apply for A Job Investor Relations Corporate Profile Leadership Stock Information Reports & Filings News & Events Stockholder Services Investor Contacts FAQ's Email Alerts
Our Brands,  AERIN Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle Le Labo RODIN olio lusso Aramis Ermenegildo Zegna M•A•C Smashbox Aveda Estée Lauder Marni Tom Ford Bobbi Brown GLAMGLOW Michael Kors Tommy Hilfiger Bumble and bumble Jo Malone London Ojon Tory Burch Clinique Kiton Origins Darphin La Mer Osiao Donna Karan New York Lab Series Prescriptives
Aramis,  Ermenegildo Zegna,  M•A•C,  Smashbox, 
Aveda,  Estée Lauder,  Marni,  Tom Ford, 
Bobbi Brown,  GLAMGLOW,  Michael Kors,  Tommy Hilfiger, 
Bumble and bumble,  Jo Malone London,  Ojon,  Tory Burch, 
Darphin,  La Mer,  Osiao, 
Donna Karan New York,  Lab Series,  Prescriptives, 
	1William P. Lauder	,,  	2Executive Chairman	, 
EXECUTIVE BIOS Print, 
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman, 
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman William P. Lauder is the son of Leonard and Evelyn Lauder and the grandson of Estée and Joseph Lauder. Mr. Lauder became Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Directors in July 2009. He was Chief Executive Officer from July 2004 through June 2009. During his five-year tenure as Chief Executive, he expanded the Company’s international presence and distribution channels and greatly strengthened the brand portfolio.   He joined the Company in 1986 as Regional Marketing Director of Clinique U.S.A. in the New York metro area. In 1990 he led the creation of the Origins brand and its innovative store-within-a store concept. He subsequently was promoted to several senior leadership positions; he led the worldwide businesses for Clinique and Origins and oversaw the Company’s free-standing stores and Internet business. In 2003 he became Chief Operating Officer, with oversight of all the Company’s global operations, as well as nine specialty brands and the retail business.   Under his leadership, Clinique’s Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion became the best-selling prestige skin care product in U.S. department stores and Clinique launched its first anti-aging product.   Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lauder completed Macy’s Executive Training Program in New York City and was Associate Merchandising Manager of the New York Division/Dallas store when it opened in 1985.   He is a member of the Boards of Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and The Trinity School in New York City, his alma maters. He is also Chairman of the Board of the Fresh Air Fund, a member of the Boards of Directors of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, the 92nd Street Y, the Partnership for New York City and the Advisory Board of Zelnick Media., ​ In 2012, Mr. Lauder received a lecturer appointment to the faculty of The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania where he teaches “Decision Making in the Leadership Chair,” a course he designed for second-year MBA students.
	1Fabrizio Freda	 	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 
Fabrizio Freda President and Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer, The Estée Lauder Companies, a position he assumed on July 1, 2009. In this role, he is responsible for developing and achieving the Company’s overall vision, strategy, financial objectives and investment priorities. Mr. Freda is a member of the Company’s Board of Directors.   Mr. Freda joined The Estée Lauder Companies in March 2008 when he was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer. In this role, Mr. Freda was a key architect of the Company’s long-term strategic plan, which is focused on gaining market share in the global prestige beauty industry and generating sustainable, profitable growth. The strategy includes prioritizing resources to the most promising opportunities, making further investments in consumer knowledge, driving innovation and creativity through products and services, and expanding the Company’s distribution and geographic penetration. It also calls for greater integration across the Company’s brands, regions and functions to create cost efficiencies and leverage scale.   Mr. Freda is a strategically focused, financially disciplined, results-oriented leader with a proven track record in the consumer products arena. Prior to joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Mr. Freda had an outstanding 20-year career at Procter & Gamble (P&G), where he was responsible for various operating, marketing and strategic efforts. His last position at P&G was President, Global Snacks, where he restructured the business, orchestrated its successful turnaround and managed employees, factories and research and development centers around the world. Mr. Freda also spent more than a decade in positions of increasing responsibility in the Health and Beauty Care division at P&G. During that time he led the launch and expansion of the Pantene hair care brand in several European countries.   From 1986 to 1988 he directed marketing and strategic planning for Gucci SpA. Mr. Freda attended University of Naples Federico II and holds a degree in Economics and Business Administration. In 2012, he was appointed to the Board of Directors of BlackRock, Inc. In 2013, Mr. Freda was appointed to the Advisory Board of the Global Business Initiative at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business. In 2015, Mr. Freda was awarded Italy’s prestigious Cavaliere del Lavoro by President Sergio Mattarella., 
	1John Demsey	 	2Executive Group President	, 
John Demsey Executive Group President ​, John Demsey is Executive Group President, The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. In this role he oversees a wide portfolio of brands, including M•A•C Cosmetics, Tom Ford Beauty, Prescriptives, Bobbi Brown, Bumble and bumble, Jo Malone London, La Mer, Smashbox, Aramis & Designer Fragrances, RODIN olio lusso, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, GLAMGLOW, Clinique and the Men's Skincare Group.,  Mr. Demsey is a creative visionary, strategic thinker and accomplished brand builder. Throughout his career he has shown a unique ability to establish a brand’s authority, keep it fresh and respect its heritage. By continually developing innovative products, cultivating new markets and establishing an unprecedented link between beauty, fashion, entertainment, celebrity and pop culture, the brands he has led have enjoyed unparalleled growth and expansion. Mr. Demsey joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1991 as Vice President, Sales, for the Estée Lauder brand in its West Coast region. He held several positions with the brand in the New York headquarters and in the field, and was instrumental in expanding its business and increasing market share.  In 1998, Mr. Demsey was appointed President of M•A•C Cosmetics. Mr. Demsey built the small, niche makeup artist brand into a global cosmetics powerhouse. Distribution expanded from 19 markets to more than 75 and, today, M•A•C Cosmetics is the top-ranked prestige makeup brand in the U.S.  In January 2005, Mr. Demsey was named Global Brand President of Estée Lauder and M•A•C and also assumed responsibility for Tom Ford Beauty and Prescriptives. Mr. Demsey enhanced the Estée Lauder brand’s image by making it more aspirational, signing new spokesmodels and focusing its growth on high-performance skin care in Asia, particularly China. Estée Lauder is now the leading prestige beauty brand in its distribution in Asia/Pacific, as well as China.   Mr. Demsey worked closely with fashion designer Tom Ford to create Tom Ford Beauty’s successful Private Blend and Signature fragrances and Tom Ford Cosmetics Collection. He added the Company’s high-end specialty brands – Bobbi Brown, Jo Malone London and La Mer – to his responsibilities in 2009 and has overseen the integration of the Hollywood makeup brand Smashbox into the Company since its acquisition in 2010. Mr. Demsey added Aramis & Designer Fragrances to his portfolio in 2014.  Mr. Demsey also serves as Chairman of the M•A•C AIDS Fund, which has raised more than $315 million in the fight against HIV/AIDS and he has helped secure numerous celebrities for its M•A•C VIVA GLAM campaigns. Mr. Demsey is active in several other AIDS-related organizations, including the Fashion Group International Advisory Board; Advisory Council of the Global Business Coalition on HIV/AIDS; Honorary Board of Love Heals; Love Heals, The Alison Gertz Foundation for AIDS Education; Executive Advisory Board of the Children Affected by AIDS Foundation; and AIDS Project Los Angeles. Before joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Mr. Demsey was Vice President of Sales at the specialty division of Revlon, which included the Borghese, Alexandra de Markoff and Lancaster brands. He also held various executive positions with Bloomingdale’s, Macy’s, Benetton and Saks Fifth Avenue. Mr. Demsey earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Stanford University and a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University. ​,  ​, 
Carl Haney Executive Vice President, Global Research and Development (R&D), Corporate Product Innovation, Package Development, 
	1Evelyn H. Lauder	 	2Senior Corporate Vice President	, 
Evelyn H. Lauder Senior Corporate Vice President Evelyn H. Lauder (1936-2011) was the Senior Corporate Vice President and Head of Fragrance Development Worldwide for the Estée Lauder Companies Inc.  During her more than 50 years with the Company, she held many positions while contributing her invaluable insights about fashion trends, consumers' changing needs, and new approaches to the development of innovative skin care, makeup and fragrance products. She also helped name the Clinique brand. As Head of Fragrance Development Worldwide for the Estée Lauder Companies, she led the development of the Company’s most globally successful fragrances, including the best-selling Beautiful and Pleasures.  Mrs. Lauder was perhaps best known to the public for her work in bringing global awareness to women’s health. Her personal experience with early stage breast cancer in 1987, led her in 1992, to co-create, with Alexandra Penney of SELF magazine, the now ubiquitous Pink Ribbon, recognized as the worldwide symbol of breast health. In conjunction, Mrs. Lauder launched the Estée Lauder Companies Breast Cancer Awareness (BCA) Campaign (www.bcacampaign.com). To date, the BCA Campaign has distributed more than 115 million Pink Ribbons and informational brochures worldwide.  In 2000, Mrs. Lauder and the BCA Campaign launched its annual “Global Landmarks Illumination Initiative,” whereby historic landmarks are illuminated in pink lights during the month of October to focus global attention on breast health.  In 2010, the BCA Campaign illuminated 38 global historic landmarks within a 24-hour timeframe and achieved the first-ever Guinness World Record for “Most Landmarks Illuminated for a Cause in 24 Hours.” Included among the 38 iconic landmarks were the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower Hotel in India, the Tokyo Tower in Japan, the Hotel Majestic in France, and the Empire State Building in New York City.    Mrs. Lauder was also Chairman of The Breast Cancer Research Foundation (BCRF), which she founded in 1993. She was passionately committed to preventing breast cancer and finding a cure in her lifetime by funding the most innovative clinical and translational research at leading medical centers worldwide. To date, BCRF has raised over $350 million and currently supports 186 researchers across the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Australia.   In 1989, Mrs. Lauder initiated the fundraising drive that established the Evelyn H. Lauder Breast Center at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. As the first breast and diagnostic center, it became a model for similar facilities around the world.  The expanded Evelyn H. Lauder Breast Center opened in September 2009 and is three times the size of its predecessor. It provides the most up-to-date breast cancer prevention, diagnosis, and outpatient treatment services and serves as a worldwide model for offering coordinated supportive services under one roof for one disease, a concept which has been replicated in other institutions and for other diseases.   Mrs. Lauder’s achievements have garnered global recognition. In 2002, she received France’s Chevalier de la Légion d’Honneur. In June 2007, Mrs. Lauder received the prestigious 2007 Partners in Progress Award from the American Society of Clinical Oncology for her efforts to increase public awareness about cancer. In 1999 and 2007, she was featured in Crain’s New York Business magazine as one of New York’s 100 Most Influential Women in Business, and in 2008 she was nominated to the International Best Dressed List. In 2010, Mrs. Lauder received the Fashion Group International Humanitarian Award in recognition for her work with BCRF and her tireless efforts toward eradicating breast cancer. In October 2011, the Lauder family received the prestigious Carnegie Medal of Philanthropy for their longstanding commitment to philanthropy and public service.    Mrs. Lauder was a dedicated photographer, whose art has been represented in many public and private collections, including The Whitney Museum of American Art, The Museum of Fine Arts in Houston, and leading medical facilities worldwide. She’s had two photography books published of her own work, The Seasons Observed and, An Eye for Beauty. Her photographs have been exhibited internationally, including the Pace/MacGill Gallery in New York City, Berggruen Gallery in San Francisco, Duran Exposiciones de Arte in Madrid, The Red Gate Gallery in Beijing and at the Galerie des Galeries at the Galeries Lafayette in Paris. Her most recent photography exhibition “Salon Beauties” opened at the Gagosian Gallery in London on September 29, 2011. In September 2006, Mrs. Lauder published her first cookbook, In Great Taste: Fresh, Simple Recipes for Eating and Living Well. All of Mrs. Lauder’s royalties from her books and exhibitions are donated to BCRF.   Evelyn Lauder passed away from complications of non-genetic ovarian cancer on November 12th, 2011. She is survived by her husband Leonard A. Lauder, Chairman Emeritus of the Estée Lauder Companies; her son William, Executive Chairman of the Estée Lauder Companies; her son Gary, Managing Director of Lauder Partners LLC and his wife Laura, General Partner of Lauder Partners; and her five grandchildren.,  Read More, 
	1Leonard A. Lauder	 	2Chairman Emeritus	, 
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman Emeritus Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. and is currently the senior member of its Board of Directors. Founded in 1946, the Company is one of the world's leading manufacturers and marketers of quality skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, with annual sales of $10.97 billion. Its products are sold in over 150 countries and territories across more than 30 well-recognized brand names.,    A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, Mr. Lauder also studied at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Business and served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy. He formally joined Estée Lauder in 1958, when it had annual sales of $800,000. Mr. Lauder consistently developed and implemented innovative sales and marketing programs and increased the Company’s sales and profits. He created its first research and development laboratory and brought in professional management on every level. He also initiated The Estée Lauder Companies’ international expansion, which began in 1960 with the opening of the Estée Lauder account at Harrods in London.   Mr. Lauder served as President of The Estée Lauder Companies from 1972 to 1995 and as Chief Executive Officer from 1982 to 1999. He added the title of Chairman in 1995 and served as Chairman of The Estée Lauder Companies through June 2009. Under his leadership, the Company launched many brands, including Aramis, Clinique, Lab Series and Origins. Beginning in the mid-1990s, the company also began expanding through acquisitions, including Aveda, Bobbi Brown, Jo Malone London, La Mer and M·A·C.   In addition to his activities with The Estée Lauder Companies, Mr. Lauder is extremely involved in the worlds of education, art, politics and philanthropy. He is Emeritus Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and a founding member of the Board of Governors of its Joseph H. Lauder Institute of Management and International Studies. Mr. Lauder became a Trustee of the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City in 1977 and currently serves as its Chairman Emeritus. He is Co-Founder and Co-Chairman of the Alzheimer’s Drug Discovery Foundation; Co-Chairman of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation Board of Directors; a member of the Council on Foreign Relations; Chairman Emeritus and Lifetime Trustee of the Board of Directors of the Aspen Institute, as well as former Chairman of the Aspen Institute International Committee; and a member of the President’s Council of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Hospital. Mr. Lauder served on the Advisory Committee for Trade Negotiations under President Ronald Reagan. Among his honors, he has been named an Officier de la Légion d’Honneur by France and recognized by the United States Navy Supply Corps Foundation with its Distinguished Alumni Award. The Lauder Family received the esteemed 2011 Carnegie Medal of Philanthropy in recognition of its long-standing commitment to philanthropy and public service. Mr. Lauder was the 2013 recipient of the Palazzo Strozzi Renaissance Man of the Year Award, and most recently, he was named a 2014 Living Landmark by the New York Landmarks Conservancy.   Mr. Lauder was married to Evelyn H. Lauder (Senior Corporate Vice President for The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.) from 1959 until she passed away in 2011. They had two sons together, William (Executive Chairman, The Estée Lauder Companies) and Gary (Managing Partner, Lauder Partners LLC), and five grandchildren.   On January 1, 2015, Mr. Lauder married Judy Glickman Lauder, an internationally recognized philanthropist and photographer whose work is represented in over 300 public and private collections, including the J. Paul Getty Museum and the Whitney Museum of American Art.  
A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, Mr. Lauder also studied at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Business and served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy. He formally joined Estée Lauder in 1958, when it had annual sales of $800,000. Mr. Lauder consistently developed and implemented innovative sales and marketing programs and increased the Company’s sales and profits. He created its first research and development laboratory and brought in professional management on every level. He also initiated The Estée Lauder Companies’ international expansion, which began in 1960 with the opening of the Estée Lauder account at Harrods in London.   Mr. Lauder served as President of The Estée Lauder Companies from 1972 to 1995 and as Chief Executive Officer from 1982 to 1999. He added the title of Chairman in 1995 and served as Chairman of The Estée Lauder Companies through June 2009. Under his leadership, the Company launched many brands, including Aramis, Clinique, Lab Series and Origins. Beginning in the mid-1990s, the company also began expanding through acquisitions, including Aveda, Bobbi Brown, Jo Malone London, La Mer and M·A·C.   In addition to his activities with The Estée Lauder Companies, Mr. Lauder is extremely involved in the worlds of education, art, politics and philanthropy. He is Emeritus Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and a founding member of the Board of Governors of its Joseph H. Lauder Institute of Management and International Studies. Mr. Lauder became a Trustee of the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City in 1977 and currently serves as its Chairman Emeritus. He is Co-Founder and Co-Chairman of the Alzheimer’s Drug Discovery Foundation; Co-Chairman of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation Board of Directors; a member of the Council on Foreign Relations; Chairman Emeritus and Lifetime Trustee of the Board of Directors of the Aspen Institute, as well as former Chairman of the Aspen Institute International Committee; and a member of the President’s Council of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Hospital. Mr. Lauder served on the Advisory Committee for Trade Negotiations under President Ronald Reagan. Among his honors, he has been named an Officier de la Légion d’Honneur by France and recognized by the United States Navy Supply Corps Foundation with its Distinguished Alumni Award. The Lauder Family received the esteemed 2011 Carnegie Medal of Philanthropy in recognition of its long-standing commitment to philanthropy and public service. Mr. Lauder was the 2013 recipient of the Palazzo Strozzi Renaissance Man of the Year Award, and most recently, he was named a 2014 Living Landmark by the New York Landmarks Conservancy.   Mr. Lauder was married to Evelyn H. Lauder (Senior Corporate Vice President for The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.) from 1959 until she passed away in 2011. They had two sons together, William (Executive Chairman, The Estée Lauder Companies) and Gary (Managing Partner, Lauder Partners LLC), and five grandchildren.   On January 1, 2015, Mr. Lauder married Judy Glickman Lauder, an internationally recognized philanthropist and photographer whose work is represented in over 300 public and private collections, including the J. Paul Getty Museum and the Whitney Museum of American Art.,   
	1Ronald S. Lauder	 	2Chairman	, 	3Clinique Laboratories, LLC	, 
	1Sara Moss	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	, 
	1Michael O’Hare	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Global Human Resources	, 
	1Gregory F. Polcer	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Global Supply Chain	, 
	1Cedric Prouvé	 	2Group President	, International, 
Cedric Prouvé Group President, International Cedric Prouvé became Group President, International, for The Estée Lauder Companies in January, 2003. Mr. Prouvé is responsible for sales and profits for the Company in all markets outside of North America and for all activities of its sales affiliates and distributor relationships worldwide. He collaborates closely with the Company’s Group and Brand Presidents to integrate all global marketing strategies in the international markets. He also oversees the Company's Travel Retail business.   Previously, Mr. Prouvé was President and General Manager of The Estée Lauder Companies’ Japanese affiliate from August 2000 to December 2002. In this role he better positioned the Company to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing Japanese cosmetics market.   From April 1997 to August 2000, Mr. Prouvé was Vice President, General Manager, Travel Retailing Worldwide. In this position he effectively met the challenges of the abolition of duty-free trading within the European Economic Community and the 1998 currency shocks in Asia/Pacific, while proactively managing the opportunities arising from the introduction of new brands and specialized marketing programs for the Travel Retail channel. He joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1994 as General Manager, Travel Retailing, Asia/Pacific Region, and was given the added responsibility of General Manager of the Company's Singapore affiliate in 1995.   Prior to joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Mr. Prouvé spent nine years with the L’Oréal Group in sales and management positions of increasing responsibility in the Americas and Pacific Rim.   Mr. Prouvé was born in France and educated in France and the United States. He holds a Master of Science degree in Marketing Research and Marketing Management from the University of Kansas and he completed Harvard University’s Advanced Management Program. He lives in New York with his wife, Blanca, and their two children., ​​
Tracey T. Travis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Ms. Travis was recognized in 2005 by Treasury and Risk Management,  magazine as one of the Top 25 Women in Finance, and in 2012 as one of the 100 most influential people in Finance. In 2008 she was granted the Best CFO award by Institutional Investor,  magazine. In 2009 she was named one of the Top 100 African Americans in Corporate America by Black Enterprise,  magazine. In 2009 Ms. Travis also received a Distinguished Alumni award from her alma mater, the University of Pittsburgh. In 2011 Ms. Travis was asked to serve as an inaugural member of The,  Wall Street Journal, 's CFO Forum.
Alexandra C. Trower Executive Vice President, Global Communications, 
Alexandra C. Trower Executive Vice President, Global Communications Alexandra C. Trower became Executive Vice President, Global Communications in April, 2008. She reports to William P. Lauder, Executive Chairman, The Estée Lauder Companies.   Ms. Trower directs the Company’s overall communications strategy as it relates to consumers, employees and stockholders. She oversees the four specialties of Global Communications—Brand Communications, Corporate Communications, Internal Communications and Consumer Communications—and works closely with Investor Relations. In addition, she counsels senior corporate executives, brand presidents and others throughout the global organization on communications issues and events.   Ms. Trower has more than 20 years experience in global communications, with a broad background in financial, corporate and consumer relations. Before joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Ms. Trower was Senior Vice President, Media Relations for Bank of America. Leading a 30-person team, Ms. Trower worked to enhance the company’s brand, image and reputation in the U.S. and abroad through integrated media, communications and marketing efforts. In addition, she served as a senior communications advisor to top management on business strategy, acquisitions, product introductions, customer issues, litigation and government relations.   From 1997 to 2003, Ms. Trower was a Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase, where she was responsible for Corporate Communications at JPMorgan Fleming Asset Management. Prior to that, she spent 10 years at Chancellor LGT Asset Management, now part of Invesco, where she was Vice President of Corporate Communications.   Ms. Trower graduated from Hollins University in Roanoke, Va. She is a member of its Alumnae Board of Directors.   Ms. Trower lives in New York City with her husband and daughter., ​
The Lauder Family,  Today, Estée Lauder’s children and grandchildren are active and involved in the thriving house of beauty that she so carefully built over many decades. But for them, it is much more than a family business.
Corporate Governance,  The responsibility of leading and executing our strategy, as well as overseeing our corporate affairs, is shared across our executive officers and Board of Directors.
Aramis,  Ermenegildo Zegna,  M•A•C,  Smashbox, 
Aveda,  Estée Lauder,  Marni,  Tom Ford, 
Bobbi Brown,  GLAMGLOW,  Michael Kors,  Tommy Hilfiger, 
Bumble and bumble,  Jo Malone London,  Ojon,  Tory Burch, 
Darphin,  La Mer,  Osiao, 
Donna Karan New York,  Lab Series,  Prescriptives, 
http://www.elcompanies.com/Pages/Our-Leaders.aspx
