
Search Search our inventory Home,  Shop Our Vehicles New Car Inventory View New Cars Brands CarFinder Used Car Inventory Used Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Financial Services Finance Application Search by Body Style Visit Our Locations Our Locations Dealership Locations Service Center Locations Parts Center Locations Collision Center Locations Brands Sell & Trade Sell & Trade Sell Us Your Car Value Your Trade Sell Us Your Car Value Your Trade Our Company About Sonic Automotive About Sonic Automotive Executive Team and Board of Directors Investor Relations Our Culture and Values What is Sonic Price? Careers Contact Us New Guest Experience
Our Company,  About Sonic Automotive About Sonic Automotive Executive Team and Board of Directors Investor Relations Our Culture and Values What is Sonic Price? Careers Contact Us
About Sonic Automotive,  About Sonic Automotive,  Executive Team and Board of Directors Investor Relations Our Culture and Values What is Sonic Price? Careers Contact Us
About Sonic Automotive,  Executive Team and Board of Directors,  Investor Relations,  Our Culture and Values,  What is Sonic Price?,  Careers,  Contact Us, 
Search Search our inventory Home Shop Our Vehicles New Car Inventory View New Cars Brands CarFinder Used Car Inventory Used Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Financial Services Finance Application Search by Body Style Visit Our Locations Our Locations Dealership Locations Service Center Locations Parts Center Locations Collision Center Locations Brands Sell & Trade Sell & Trade Sell Us Your Car Value Your Trade Sell Us Your Car Value Your Trade Our Company About Sonic Automotive About Sonic Automotive Executive Team and Board of Directors Investor Relations Our Culture and Values What is Sonic Price? Careers Contact Us New Guest Experience, 
O. Bruton Smith Executive Chairman, Director,  Mr. O. Bruton Smith is the Founder of Sonic and has served as Sonic's Executive Chairman since July 2015.  Prior to his appointment as Executive Chairman, Mr. Smith had served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith has also served as a director of Sonic since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith is also a director of many of Sonic's subsidiaries.  Mr. Smith has worked in the retail automobile industry since 1966.  Mr. Smith is also the Executive Chairman and a director of Speedway Motorsports, Inc. ("SMI").  SMI is a public company whose shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.  Among other things, SMI owns and operates the following NASCAR racetracks: Atlanta Motor Speedway, Bristol Motor Speedway, Charlotte Motor Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Sonoma Raceway and Texas Motor Speedway., 
B. Scott Smith,  Chief Executive Officer, President, Director,  Mr. B. Scott Smith,  is the Co-Founder of Sonic.  He is also Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Sonic.  Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer in July 2015, Mr. Smith served as President and Chief Strategic Officer of Sonic since March 2007.  Prior to that, Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Vice Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer from October 2002 to March 2007 and President and Chief Operating Officer from April 1997 until October 2002.  Mr. Smith has been a director of Sonic since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith has over 26 years of experience in the automobile dealership industry.
David Smith Vice Chairman, Director,  Mr. David Bruton Smith was appointed to the office of Vice Chairman in March 2013.  He has served as Executive Vice President and a director of Sonic since October 2008 and has served in Sonic's organization since 1998.  Prior to being named a director and Executive Vice President in 2008, Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Senior Vice President of Corporate Development.  Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Vice President of Corporate Strategy from October 2005 to March 2007, and also served prior to that time as Dealer Operator and General Manager of several Sonic dealerships. ,  Heath R. Byrd Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Mr. Heath R. Byrd has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2013. Mr. Byrd was previously a Vice President and our Chief Information Officer from December 2007 to March 2013, and has served our organization since 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Byrd served in a variety of management positions at HR America, Inc., a workforce management firm that provided customized human resource and workforce development through co-sourcing arrangements, including as a director, as President and Chief Operating Officer and as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to HR America, Inc., Mr. Byrd served as a Manager in the Management Consulting Division of Ernst & Young LLP., 
Jeff Dyke Executive Vice President, Operations,  Mr. Jeff Dyke has served as our Executive Vice President of Operations since October 2008 and is responsible for direct oversight for all of Sonic's retail automotive operations. From March 2007 to October 2008, Mr. Dyke served as our Division Chief Operating Officer - Southeast Division, where he oversaw retail automotive operations for the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. Mr. Dyke first joined Sonic in October 2005 as our Vice President of Retail Strategy, a position that he held until April 2006, when he was promoted to Division Vice President - Eastern Division, a position he held from April 2006 to March 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Dyke worked in the automotive retail industry at AutoNation, Inc. from 1996 to 2005, where he held several positions in divisional, regional and dealership management with that company., 
O. Bruton Smith Executive Chairman, Director Mr. O. Bruton Smith is the Founder of Sonic and has served as Sonic's Executive Chairman since July 2015.  Prior to his appointment as Executive Chairman, Mr. Smith had served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith has also served as a director of Sonic since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith is also a director of many of Sonic's subsidiaries.  Mr. Smith has worked in the retail automobile industry since 1966.  Mr. Smith is also the Executive Chairman and a director of Speedway Motorsports, Inc. ("SMI").  SMI is a public company whose shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.  Among other things, SMI owns and operates the following NASCAR racetracks: Atlanta Motor Speedway, Bristol Motor Speedway, Charlotte Motor Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Sonoma Raceway and Texas Motor Speedway. B. Scott Smith Chief Executive Officer, President, Director Mr. B. Scott Smith is the Co-Founder of Sonic.  He is also Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Sonic.  Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer in July 2015, Mr. Smith served as President and Chief Strategic Officer of Sonic since March 2007.  Prior to that, Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Vice Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer from October 2002 to March 2007 and President and Chief Operating Officer from April 1997 until October 2002.  Mr. Smith has been a director of Sonic since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Smith has over 26 years of experience in the automobile dealership industry. David Smith Vice Chairman, Director Mr. David Bruton Smith was appointed to the office of Vice Chairman in March 2013.  He has served as Executive Vice President and a director of Sonic since October 2008 and has served in Sonic's organization since 1998.  Prior to being named a director and Executive Vice President in 2008, Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Senior Vice President of Corporate Development.  Mr. Smith served as Sonic's Vice President of Corporate Strategy from October 2005 to March 2007, and also served prior to that time as Dealer Operator and General Manager of several Sonic dealerships.  Heath R. Byrd Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Heath R. Byrd has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2013. Mr. Byrd was previously a Vice President and our Chief Information Officer from December 2007 to March 2013, and has served our organization since 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Byrd served in a variety of management positions at HR America, Inc., a workforce management firm that provided customized human resource and workforce development through co-sourcing arrangements, including as a director, as President and Chief Operating Officer and as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to HR America, Inc., Mr. Byrd served as a Manager in the Management Consulting Division of Ernst & Young LLP. Jeff Dyke Executive Vice President, Operations Mr. Jeff Dyke has served as our Executive Vice President of Operations since October 2008 and is responsible for direct oversight for all of Sonic's retail automotive operations. From March 2007 to October 2008, Mr. Dyke served as our Division Chief Operating Officer - Southeast Division, where he oversaw retail automotive operations for the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. Mr. Dyke first joined Sonic in October 2005 as our Vice President of Retail Strategy, a position that he held until April 2006, when he was promoted to Division Vice President - Eastern Division, a position he held from April 2006 to March 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Dyke worked in the automotive retail industry at AutoNation, Inc. from 1996 to 2005, where he held several positions in divisional, regional and dealership management with that company. William Brooks Director Mr. William R. Brooks has been a director of Sonic since its organization in January 1997.  Mr. Brooks also served as Sonic's initial Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Vice President and Secretary from January 1997 to April 1997.  Since December 1994, Mr. Brooks has been the Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and a director of SMI, became Executive Vice President of SMI in February 2004 and became Vice Chairman in 2008.  Mr. Brooks also serves as an executive officer and a director for various operating subsidiaries of SMI and as an officer and director of SFC, the largest stockholder of Sonic.  Before the formation of SMI in December 1994, Mr. Brooks was a Vice President of Charlotte Motor Speedway and a Vice President and director of Atlanta Motor Speedway.   William Belk Director Mr. William I. Belk has been a director of Sonic since March 1998.  Mr. Belk is currently affiliated with Southeast Investments, N.C. Inc., a FINRA member firm headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.  Mr. Belk's past professional experience includes serving as a North Carolina District Court Judge, serving as a partner in the investment banking firm Carolina Financial Group, Inc., and serving in the positions of Chairman and director for certain Belk stores, a retail department store chain.  Mr. Belk has also previously served as a director of Monroe Hardware Co., Inc., a wholesaler of hardware materials.  Mr. Belk has a JD with an LLM - Taxation and a Masters in Business Administration.  He is also a director of British West Indies Trading Company. Victor Doolan Director Mr. Victor H. Doolan has been a director of Sonic since July 2005.  Prior to being appointed as a director, Mr. Doolan served for approximately three years as President and Chief Executive Officer of Volvo Cars North America until his retirement in March 2005.  Prior to joining Volvo, Mr. Doolan served as the Executive Director of the Premier Automotive Group, the luxury division of Ford Motor Company during his tenure, from July 1999 to June 2002.  Mr. Doolan also enjoyed a 23-year career with BMW, culminating with his service as President of BMW of North America from September 1993 to July 1999.  Mr. Doolan has worked in the automotive industry for approximately 47 years. [Mr. Doolan also served as a director of Blue Fire Ethanol Fuels Inc. until December 2010. John W. Harris III Director Mr. John W. Harris III has served as a director of Sonic since October 2014.  Mr. Harris currently serves as President of Lincoln Harris, LLC, a privately-held corporate real estate services firm focused on commercial brokerage, construction services, development and property management.  From March 2012 to September 2015, he served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Lincoln Harris.  Prior to joining Lincoln Harris, Mr. Harris held various positions at Fortress Investment Group LLC, a global investment management firm, from August 2004 to February 2012.  During his tenure, Mr. Harris worked on assignments in Europe and the United States.  Mr. Harris currently serves on the boards of directors of Lincoln Harris, LLC and Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc., a public company traded on the NYSE. Robert H. Heller Director Mr. Robert Heller has been a director of Sonic since January 2000.  Mr. Heller served as a director of FirstAmerica Automotive, Inc. from January 1999 until its acquisition by Sonic in December 1999.  Mr. Heller was a director and Executive Vice President of Fair, Isaac and Company from 1994 until 2001, where he was responsible for strategic relationships and marketing.  From 1991 to 1993, Mr. Heller was President and Chief Executive Officer of Visa U.S.A.  Mr. Heller is a former Governor of the Federal Reserve System and has had an extensive career in banking, international finance, government service and education.  Mr. Heller currently serves as a director of the Bank of Marin Bancorp, a public company traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market. R. Eugene Taylor Director Mr. R. Eugene Taylor has been a director of Sonic since February 2015.  Mr. Taylor has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Bank Financial Corp. ("CBFC"), a bank holding company, since co-founding CBFC in 2009.  Prior to co-founding CBFC, Mr. Taylor spent 38 years at Bank of America Corporation and its predecessor companies, most recently as Vice Chairman of Bank of America and President of Global Corporate & Investment Banking.  After retiring from Bank of America, Mr. Taylor served as a Senior Advisor at Fortress Investment Group LLC.  Mr. Taylor currently serves on the boards of directors of CBFC and Capital Bank, N.A., CBFC's operating bank subsidiary ("Capital Bank").  Mr. Taylor was previously a director of Capital Bank Corporation, Green Bankshares, Inc. and TIB Financial Corp., each of which CBFC held controlling interests in prior to their merger into CBFC., 
http://www.sonicautomotive.com/executive-team.htm