
Click for Hi-Resolution, John Mackey Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder John Mackey, co-founder and co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, has led the natural and organic grocer to a $14 billion Fortune 500 company with more than 400 stores and 87, 000 team members in three countries.
John Mackey, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder John Mackey, co-founder and co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, has led the natural and organic grocer to a $14 billion Fortune 500 company with more than 400 stores and 87, 000 team members in three countries.
Click for Hi-Resolution, Walter Robb Co-Chief Executive Officer With a long and varied entrepreneurial history in natural foods ranging from retailer to farmer to consultant, Walter Robb, co-CEO, joined Whole Foods Market in 1991.
Walter Robb, Co-Chief Executive Officer With a long and varied entrepreneurial history in natural foods ranging from retailer to farmer to consultant, Walter Robb, co-CEO, joined Whole Foods Market in 1991.
Click for Hi-Resolution, A.C. Gallo President and Chief Operating Officer At an early age, A.C. Gallo was taught to appreciate food and the art of food presentation.
A.C. Gallo, President and Chief Operating Officer At an early age, A.C. Gallo, was taught to appreciate food and the art of food presentation.
Click for Hi-Resolution, Glenda Flanagan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Since joining Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ: WFM) as Chief Financial Officer in 1988, Glenda Flanagan has played a major role in the development of the company, which went public in 1992 and has grown from six stores in the late 1980s, to 450 stores and more than $15 billion in sales today.
Glenda Flanagan, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Since joining Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ: WFM) as Chief Financial Officer in 1988, Glenda Flanagan, has played a major role in the development of the company, which went public in 1992 and has grown from six stores in the late 1980s, to 450 stores and more than $15 billion in sales today.
Click for Hi-Resolution, David Lannon Executive Vice President of Operations A supermarket industry veteran of more than 20 years, David Lannon began his career in the Boston area in produce with Bread & Circus in 1986, working his way up to director of operations.
David Lannon, Executive Vice President of Operations A supermarket industry veteran of more than 20 years, David Lannon, began his career in the Boston area in produce with Bread & Circus in 1986, working his way up to director of operations.
Click for Hi-Resolution, Kenneth J. Meyer Executive Vice President of Operations Ken Meyer is the executive vice president of operations at Whole Foods Market.  His responsibilities include overseeing day-to-day operations, development, design, and innovations in existing stores and stores in the pipeline.
Kenneth J. Meyer, Executive Vice President of Operations Ken Meyer is the executive vice president of operations at Whole Foods Market.  His responsibilities include overseeing day-to-day operations, development, design, and innovations in existing stores and stores in the pipeline.
Click for Hi-Resolution, Jim Sud Executive Vice President, Growth and Business Development Jim Sud is the executive vice president of growth and business development at Whole Foods Market.  As a member of the company’s executive leadership team, his responsibilities include all areas related to company growth, including real estate, mergers and acquisitions, and business development opportunities.
Jim Sud, Executive Vice President, Growth and Business Development Jim Sud, is the executive vice president of growth and business development at Whole Foods Market.  As a member of the company’s executive leadership team, his responsibilities include all areas related to company growth, including real estate, mergers and acquisitions, and business development opportunities.
Click for Hi-Resolution, Jason Buechel Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Jason Buechel, executive vice president and chief information officer, is responsible for all aspects of information technology at Whole Foods Market. A member of the company’s executive leadership team, he oversees the global technology team in Austin, Texas and the company’s twelve regional offices located across the United States and in the United Kingdom.
Jason Buechel, Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Jason Buechel, executive vice president and chief information officer, is responsible for all aspects of information technology at Whole Foods Market. A member of the company’s executive leadership team, he oversees the global technology team in Austin, Texas and the company’s twelve regional offices located across the United States and in the United Kingdom.
In the News July 28, 2016, What are the perks of the Whole Foods rewards program now in DFW?—The Dallas Morning News, July 27, 2016, Exotic Produce is at Your Fingertips Inside Brooklyn’s Newest Whole Foods—Modern Farmer, July 18, 2016, How do Whole Foods’ new 365 grocery stores compare to Trader Joe’s?—TODAY show, See all In the News, 
Tips from Chef Tien Ho on staying cool in the kitchen this summer via our Whole Story blog: bit.ly/2am8pJe, 
Whole Foods PR on Twitter Tips from Chef Tien Ho on staying cool in the kitchen this summer via our Whole Story blog: bit.ly/2am8pJe Soccer star @CarliLloyd shares her favorite snacks and tips for staying energized via @HollywoodLife: bit.ly/2aAmcPZ Hundreds of cheesemongers are taking an exam to become Certified Cheese Professionals today: bit.ly/2aafZqq View more feeds, 
http://media.wholefoodsmarket.com/experts/executives