
Executive Leadership,  Board of Directors, 
	1James S. Tisch	 	3Office of the President	,,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,
	1James S. Tisch	 	3Office of the President	, 	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 James S. Tisch has been president and chief executive officer of Loews Corporation since 1998. Read More,
	1Andrew H. Tisch	 	3Office of the President	, 	2Co-Chairman	 of the Board, and 	2Chairman	 of the 	3Executive Committee	,
	1Andrew H. Tisch	 	3Office of the President	, 	2Co-Chairman	 of the Board, and 	2Chairman	 of the Executive Committee Andrew H. Tisch is co-chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Loews Corporation. Read More,
	1Jonathan M. Tisch	 	3Office of the President	, 	2Co-Chairman	 of the Board,,  	2Chairman	 of 	3Loews Hotels	,
Jonathan M. Tisch Office of the President, Co-Chairman of the Board, Chairman of Loews Hotels Jonathan M. Tisch is co-chairman of the board of Loews Corporation and chairman of its Loews Hotels subsidiary. Read More, 
	1David B. Edelson	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,
David B. Edelson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Edelson is senior vice president and chief financial officer of Loews Corporation. Read More, 
	1Richard W. Scott	 	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Chief Investment Officer	,
Richard W. Scott Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer Richard W. Scott joined Loews as senior vice president, chief investment officer in January 2009. Read More, 
	1Kenneth I. Siegel	 	2Senior Vice President	,
Kenneth I. Siegel is senior vice president of Loews Corporation, which he joined in 2009. Read More, 
	1Susan Becker	 	2Vice President	, 	3Tax	,
Susan Becker is vice president of tax for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
	1Robert F. Crook	 	2Vice President	, 	3Internal Audit	,
Robert F. Crook Vice President, Internal Audit Robert F. Crook joined Loews Corporation in May 2005 as director of compliance and was promoted to his current position in November 2006. Read More, 
	1Laura K. Cushing	 	2Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,
Laura K. Cushing Vice President, Human Resources Laura Cushing is vice president of human resources for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
	1Herb E. Hofmann	 	2Vice President	, 	3Information Technology	,
Herb E. Hofmann Vice President, Information Technology Herb Hofmann is vice president of information technology for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
	1Jonathan Koplovitz	 	2Vice President	, 	3Corporate Development	,
Jonathan Koplovitz Vice President, Corporate Development Jonathan Koplovitz is vice president, corporate development for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
	1Audrey A. Rampinelli	 	2Vice President	, 	3Risk Management	,
Audrey A. Rampinelli Vice President, Risk Management As vice president, risk management, Audrey A. Rampinelli is responsible for the risk management and insurance operations for Loews and its subsidiaries. Read More, 
	1Mark S. Schwartz	 	2Vice President	, 	3Chief Accounting Officer	,
Mark S. Schwartz Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Mark S. Schwartz is vice president and chief accounting officer (CAO) of Loews Corporation. Read More,
	1Mary Skafidas	 	2Vice President	, 	3Investor Relations and Corporate Communications	,
Mary Skafidas Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Mary Skafidas is vice president of investor relations and corporate communications for Loews. Read More, 
	1Edmund Unneland	 	2Treasurer	,
Edmund Unneland Treasurer As treasurer, Edmund Unneland oversees all activities regarding cash management and securities operations. Read More, 
www.loews.com/leadershipcategory/executive-leadership/