Bryan DeBoer	title	President	Bryan DeBoer President & CEO, ,  Bryan serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Bryan joined Lithia in 1989 where he served in several managerial roles within our dealerships, including General Manager. Prior to becoming CEO, Bryan served as President and Chief Operating Officer. From our initial public offering in 1996 until becoming our President, Bryan was Executive Vice President of Mergers/Acquisitions and Operations. Bryan graduated summa cum laude from Southern Oregon University and graduated from the National Auto Dealers Association Dealer Academy in 1990. Bryan also serves on our Board of Directors.
Bryan DeBoer	title	CEO	Bryan DeBoer President & CEO, ,  Bryan serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Bryan joined Lithia in 1989 where he served in several managerial roles within our dealerships, including General Manager. Prior to becoming CEO, Bryan served as President and Chief Operating Officer. From our initial public offering in 1996 until becoming our President, Bryan was Executive Vice President of Mergers/Acquisitions and Operations. Bryan graduated summa cum laude from Southern Oregon University and graduated from the National Auto Dealers Association Dealer Academy in 1990. Bryan also serves on our Board of Directors.
Scott Hillier	title	Senior Vice President	Scott Hillier Senior Vice President LAD Operations,  Scott serves as our Senior Vice President of LAD Operations and is responsible for overseeing our operational leadership team. Scott joined Lithia in 1986 where he served in several managerial positions within our dealerships, including General Manager. Prior to his current role, Scott served as our Vice President of Human Development and Vice President of Sales and Finance. Scott graduated from Southern Oregon University.
Scott Hillier	employee_of	LAD Operations	Scott Hillier Senior Vice President LAD Operations,  Scott serves as our Senior Vice President of LAD Operations and is responsible for overseeing our operational leadership team. Scott joined Lithia in 1986 where he served in several managerial positions within our dealerships, including General Manager. Prior to his current role, Scott served as our Vice President of Human Development and Vice President of Sales and Finance. Scott graduated from Southern Oregon University.
Chris Holzshu	title	Senior Vice President	Chris Holzshu Senior Vice President, CFO,  Chris serves as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Chris joined Lithia in 2003 after working in public accounting at KPMG LLP where he specialized in the automotive manufacturer and retail automotive sectors. Prior to becoming CFO, Chris served as Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, where he became involved in cost management, budgeting and dealership operations. Since joining Lithia, Chris has also served as Director of Accounting and Director of Audit. Chris graduated from the University of Alaska and is a licensed CPA.
Chris Holzshu	title	CFO	Chris Holzshu Senior Vice President, CFO,  Chris serves as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Chris joined Lithia in 2003 after working in public accounting at KPMG LLP where he specialized in the automotive manufacturer and retail automotive sectors. Prior to becoming CFO, Chris served as Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, where he became involved in cost management, budgeting and dealership operations. Since joining Lithia, Chris has also served as Director of Accounting and Director of Audit. Chris graduated from the University of Alaska and is a licensed CPA.
George Liang	title	Senior Vice President	George Liang Senior Vice President DCH Operations,  Mr. Liang is Senior Vice-President of DCH Auto Group, a division of Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE: LAD). George Liang originally joined DCH in 1988 following an eleven-year career as Vice-President of Banque National de Paris in Hong Kong. His introduction to the auto industry began at DCH Freehold Toyota. In 1993, he became regional manager of the DCH Ventura County, California dealerships and eventually assumed responsibility for all DCH California dealerships in 2001. In 2004, Mr. Liang returned to the East Coast and became President of DCH Auto Group in 2010. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the New York State Auto Dealers Association, the New Jersey Coalition of Automobile Dealers and is Executive Vice President and Officer of the Board of the National Foundation for Teen Safe Driving (NFTSD).
George Liang	employee_of	DCH Operations	George Liang Senior Vice President DCH Operations,  Mr. Liang is Senior Vice-President of DCH Auto Group, a division of Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE: LAD). George Liang originally joined DCH in 1988 following an eleven-year career as Vice-President of Banque National de Paris in Hong Kong. His introduction to the auto industry began at DCH Freehold Toyota. In 1993, he became regional manager of the DCH Ventura County, California dealerships and eventually assumed responsibility for all DCH California dealerships in 2001. In 2004, Mr. Liang returned to the East Coast and became President of DCH Auto Group in 2010. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the New York State Auto Dealers Association, the New Jersey Coalition of Automobile Dealers and is Executive Vice President and Officer of the Board of the National Foundation for Teen Safe Driving (NFTSD).
Mark DeBoer	title	Vice President	Mark DeBoer Vice President, Real Estate,  Mark serves as our Vice President of Real Estate and is responsible for all real estate management, including the purchase, leasing, and construction management. Mark joined Lithia in 2005. Prior to joining Lithia, Mark founded and managed a real estate development/general contracting company specializing in land procurement and entitlement processes. Mark received his Bachelor of Science magna cum laude from Southern Oregon University.
Mark DeBoer	employee_of	Real Estate	Mark DeBoer Vice President, Real Estate,  Mark serves as our Vice President of Real Estate and is responsible for all real estate management, including the purchase, leasing, and construction management. Mark joined Lithia in 2005. Prior to joining Lithia, Mark founded and managed a real estate development/general contracting company specializing in land procurement and entitlement processes. Mark received his Bachelor of Science magna cum laude from Southern Oregon University.
Tom Dobry	title	Vice President	Tom Dobry Vice President, Marketing,  Tom serves as our Vice President of Marketing. Tom first joined Lithia in 2007 and then again in 2013. He has spent his entire career in automotive marketing, leading advertising agencies (BBDO and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) assisting Chrysler and more recently General Motors. Tom has a B.A. from Michigan State University and a M.B.A. from the University of Oregon.
Tom Dobry	employee_of	Marketing	Tom Dobry Vice President, Marketing,  Tom serves as our Vice President of Marketing. Tom first joined Lithia in 2007 and then again in 2013. He has spent his entire career in automotive marketing, leading advertising agencies (BBDO and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) assisting Chrysler and more recently General Motors. Tom has a B.A. from Michigan State University and a M.B.A. from the University of Oregon.
John North	title	Vice President	John North Vice President, Finance and CAO,  John serves as our Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer and is responsible for accounting, tax, banking and corporate finance. John joined Lithia in 2002. Prior to joining Lithia, John worked for real estate development and technology companies in the Bay Area. John graduated from Santa Clara University and is a licensed CPA and CFA® charterholder.
John North	employee_of	Finance and CAO	John North Vice President, Finance and CAO,  John serves as our Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer and is responsible for accounting, tax, banking and corporate finance. John joined Lithia in 2002. Prior to joining Lithia, John worked for real estate development and technology companies in the Bay Area. John graduated from Santa Clara University and is a licensed CPA and CFA® charterholder.
Mark Smith	title	Vice President	Mark Smith Vice President, Information Technology, CIO,  Mark serves as our Vice President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer. Mark joined Lithia in 2010. Prior to joining Lithia, Mark served as Chief Technology Officer of Harry and David. Earlier in his career he was with Boeing and Microsoft. Mark has more than 20 years of information technology experience. Mark graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Oregon Institute of Technology.
Mark Smith	title	CIO	Mark Smith Vice President, Information Technology, CIO,  Mark serves as our Vice President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer. Mark joined Lithia in 2010. Prior to joining Lithia, Mark served as Chief Technology Officer of Harry and David. Earlier in his career he was with Boeing and Microsoft. Mark has more than 20 years of information technology experience. Mark graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Oregon Institute of Technology.
Mark Smith	employee_of	Information Technology	Mark Smith Vice President, Information Technology, CIO,  Mark serves as our Vice President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer. Mark joined Lithia in 2010. Prior to joining Lithia, Mark served as Chief Technology Officer of Harry and David. Earlier in his career he was with Boeing and Microsoft. Mark has more than 20 years of information technology experience. Mark graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Oregon Institute of Technology.
T.Y. Lai DCH	title	Vice President	T.Y. Lai DCH Vice President Operations,  Profile Coming Soon ...
T.Y. Lai DCH	employee_of	Operations	T.Y. Lai DCH Vice President Operations,  Profile Coming Soon ...
Bryan Osterhout	title	Regional Vice President	Bryan Osterhout Regional Vice President,  Bryan O started his career with Lithia in 1997. He was a General Sales Manager, General Manager and Area Manager prior to assuming his Regional Vice President position in 2003. Bryan attended the University of Oregon.
Ken Wright	title	Regional Vice President	Ken Wright LAD Regional Vice President,  Ken began his sales career in the auto industry in 1985. He joined Lithia Motors as a General Manager in 2004 then became a Multi-Store Manager before becoming Regional Vice President in January 2009. Ken attended Linfield College in Oregon.
Al Omari	title	Assistant Vice President	Al Omari Assistant Vice PresidentW, DCH CIO,  Profile Coming Soon ...
