
Request A Quote Share Bookmark & Share Close « EMC At A Glance EMC Executive Bios, 
Executive Team,  Business Executives, 
	1Joe Tucci	,  	2Chairman	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 
	1William J. Teuber Jr.	,  	2Vice Chairman	, 
	1David I. Goulden	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	, 	3EMC Information Infrastructure	, 
Goulden was appointed CEO of EMC Information Infrastructure in January 2014, after serving as President and Chief Operating Officer of the business unit since 2012, when he assumed full responsibility for Engineering and Product Development, Sales and Customer Operations, Services, Marketing and G&A functions. He is a 12-year EMC veteran who also served as EMC’s Chief Financial Officer from 2006 until 2014, holding full responsibility for financial operations of EMC Corporation’s consolidated business, including all of EMC’s financial planning and reporting, balance sheet management, foreign exchange, audit, tax, investment banking and investor relations programs. Since joining EMC in 2002, Goulden has been a key leader in making mergers and acquisitions a core competency at EMC by playing a major role in more than 75 acquisitions as well as business model innovations such as the corporate structure of EMC majority-owned VMware and the formation of VCE, EMC's joint venture with Cisco, supported by investments from VMware and Intel. In 2011, analysts surveyed by Institutional Investor,  magazine named Goulden the best CFO in IT Hardware.
	1Howard D. Elias	,  	2President	 and 	2COO	, 	3Global Enterprise Services	; 	2Co-leader	, 	3Dell/EMC Value Creation and Integration Office	, 
	1Jeremy Burton	,  	2President	, 	3Products and Marketing	, 
	1Bill Scannell	,  	2President	, 	3Global Sales and Customer Operations	, 
	1Paul T. Dacier	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	, 
Dacier has received numerous recognitions including being named one of the Most Influential Attorneys in the state by Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly,  and receiving Massachusetts Appleseed's Good Apple award in 2010. His team of approximately 120 lawyers has also received wide acclaim for their dedication and service in their profession, including being named Corporate Secretary,  magazine's 2009 Corporate Governance Team of the Year.
	1Erin McSweeney	,  	3Global Human Resources	, 
	1Denis G. Cashman	,  	2Chief Financial Officer	, 
Email General Inquiries,  Sales Inquiries,  Call 1-866-GET-EMC2, ,  Call 1-866-GET-EMC2, , 
http://www.emc.com/corporate/emc-at-glance/exec-team/index.htm
