
Lilly Bio-Medicines, Lilly Diabetes, Elanco Animal Health, Emerging Markets, Lilly Oncology, 
John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, John Lechleiter has served as president and chief executive officer of Eli Lilly and Company since April 1, 2008. He became chairman of the board of directors on January 1, 2009., John joined Lilly in 1979 as a senior organic chemist in process research and development and became head of that department in 1982. In 1984, he began serving as director of pharmaceutical product development for the Lilly Research Centre Limited in Windlesham, England. He later held roles in project management, regulatory affairs, product development, and pharma operations. In 2005, he was named president and chief operating officer and joined the board of directors., John earned a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Xavier University and master’s and doctoral degrees in organic chemistry from Harvard University. He has received honorary doctorates from Marian University (Indianapolis, Indiana), the University of Indianapolis, the National University of Ireland, Indiana University, Franklin College and Purdue University., John is a member of the American Chemical Society. He serves on the board of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), as chairman of the U.S.-Japan Business Council and of United Way Worldwide, and on the boards of the Chemical Heritage Foundation and the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership. He also serves on the boards of Nike, Inc. and Ford Motor Company. show more, Print Bio, 
David A. Ricks Senior Vice President, and President, Lilly Bio-Medicines, David A. Ricks is senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Lilly Bio-Medicines, and is a member of the company’s executive committee. Lilly's board of directors has elected Ricks to assume the role of president and chief executive officer on January 1, 2017, and to become chairman of the board on June 1, 2017. Since January 2012, Ricks has served as president of Lilly Bio-Medicines, which encompasses the therapeutic areas of Alzheimer’s disease, urology, immunology, musculoskeletal disease, and pain, as well as the company’s global marketing function. In this role, Ricks leads commercialization efforts for marketed medicines in more than 20 countries, along with development of half of Lilly’s late-stage pharmaceutical pipeline. He oversees the geographic areas of the United States, Japan, Canada and Europe, including the company-wide infrastructure that supports Lilly’s commercial operations and marketing in major markets across all business units. A 20-year Lilly veteran, Ricks previously led three key Lilly affiliates: the U.S., China, and Canada. He served as president of Lilly USA, the company’s largest affiliate, from 2009 to 2011. He served as president and general manager of Lilly China, one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets, from 2008 to 2009. And he was general manager of Lilly Canada from 2005 to 2008, after roles there as director of pharmaceutical marketing and national sales director. Ricks joined Lilly in 1996 as a business development associate and held several management roles in U.S. marketing and sales before moving to Lilly Canada. Ricks earned a bachelor’s degree in industrial management from Purdue University in 1990 and an MBA from Indiana University in 1996., Ricks is on the board of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and has served as co-chair of the Trans-Atlantic Business Dialogue. He chairs the Riley Children’s Foundation Board of Governors, serves on the Purdue Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Advisory Board, and was 2015-16 Campaign Chair for United Way of Central Indiana. show more, Print Bio, 
Melissa Stapleton Barnes Senior Vice President, Enterprise Risk Management, and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, Melissa Stapleton Barnes is senior vice president, enterprise risk management, and chief ethics and compliance officer for Eli Lilly and Company. Melissa joined Lilly in 1994 and has held a variety of business and legal roles, including general counsel for Lilly Diabetes and Lilly Oncology, managed market segment leader for national accounts and Six Sigma black belt. Prior to taking her current role in 2013, she was vice president and deputy general counsel, global litigation and specialty legal. In this capacity, she was responsible for overseeing the company’s global litigation and investigations, as well as managing the corporate secretary’s office and specialty legal functions. Before joining Lilly, Melissa was a litigator for the law firm of Baker & Daniels in Indianapolis. Melissa earned a bachelor of science with highest distinction from Purdue University and a law degree from Harvard Law School. In 2012, Melissa was recognized by the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association as a “Rising Star, ” and in 2015 she was recognized by Ethisphere as an “Attorney Who Matters.”  In June 2016, she was elected as a member of the board of directors for Algonquin Power and Utilities Corporation, headquartered in Toronto.  She also currently serves as vice-chair of the board for The Center for Performing Arts and is a board member for the Great American Songbook Foundation, Visit Indy and The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis.   show more, Print Bio, 
Enrique Conterno is a senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Lilly Diabetes. , Enrique joined Lilly in 1992 and has held several positions in sales, finance, marketing, business development, and general management. He served as marketing and sales director for Lilly affiliates in Peru and Brazil, as executive marketing director for the intercontinental region and Japan, and as general manager for Lilly Mexico. Enrique was also vice president of the company’s U.S. neuroscience business unit and vice president for health care professional markets. He was president of Lilly’s U.S. affiliate when he was named president of Lilly Diabetes in 2009. , He earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a master’s degree in business administration from Duke University. , Enrique is president of the board of directors of the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce. He is also on the Board of Governors at the American Red Cross, the Board of Visitors at Duke’s Fuqua School of Business, and the board of directors of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM)., 
Enrique A. Conterno Senior Vice President and President, Lilly Diabetes, Enrique Conterno is a senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Lilly Diabetes.  Enrique joined Lilly in 1992 and has held several positions in sales, finance, marketing, business development, and general management. He served as marketing and sales director for Lilly affiliates in Peru and Brazil, as executive marketing director for the intercontinental region and Japan, and as general manager for Lilly Mexico. Enrique was also vice president of the company’s U.S. neuroscience business unit and vice president for health care professional markets. He was president of Lilly’s U.S. affiliate when he was named president of Lilly Diabetes in 2009. , He earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a master’s degree in business administration from Duke University.  Enrique is president of the board of directors of the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce. He is also on the Board of Governors at the American Red Cross, the Board of Visitors at Duke’s Fuqua School of Business, and the board of directors of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM). show more, Print Bio, 
Maria Crowe President, Manufacturing Operations, Maria Crowe is the president of manufacturing operations for Eli Lilly and Company. Maria joined Lilly in 1982 and since 2012 has led the company’s global manufacturing network of 14 sites on four continents. She also has responsibility for Lilly's contract-manufacturing organization. Previously, Maria was senior vice president for global drug product manufacturing, which included emerging markets manufacturing, external drug-product operations, and U.S. distribution. She also served as vice president for drug product manufacturing in the U.S. and Latin America; general manager of Lilly’s plant in Kinsale, Ireland; general manager of Lilly del Caribe in Puerto Rico; and plant manager of the company’s Elanco plant in Lafayette, Indiana. Maria’s roles have also included working in dry products, parenteral products, and active ingredients manufacturing, as well as in sourcing and procurement. Maria holds a bachelor's degree in industrial management from Purdue University. In addition to serving as president of Purdue University’s Krannet Dean’s Advisory Council, Maria also is a member of the Board of Directors for The Timken Company. show more, Print Bio, 
Stephen F. Fry Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Diversity, Steve Fry is senior vice president, human resources and diversity, for Eli Lilly and Company. Since joining Lilly in 1987 as a scientific systems analyst in Lilly Research Laboratories, Steve has held a range of roles in information technology and human resources. Following a series of managerial assignments, Steve served as human resources director for Lilly’s U.K. affiliate and then as executive director of human resources for the U.S. affiliate. In 2004 he was named managing director of the Australian affiliate, returning to the U.S. in 2007 to provide HR leadership for the global sales and marketing organization before accepting the role of vice president supporting the Lilly Bio-Medicines and Emerging Markets business units. He assumed his current role in 2011. Steve earned his bachelor’s degree in information systems from the University of Indianapolis. Steve serves on the board of trustees at the University of Indianapolis and the governance board for Make-A-Wish in Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana. show more, Print Bio, 
Michael J. Harrington Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Mike Harrington is senior vice president and general counsel for Eli Lilly and Company. Since joining Lilly in 1991 as an attorney in product liability litigation, Mike has served in a number of other business and legal positions, including managing director of the New Zealand affiliate and as associate general counsel for Lilly’s operations in the Asia-Pacific region. Mike most recently held the role of vice president and deputy general counsel of global pharmaceutical operations. In this capacity, he was responsible for legal issues related to Lilly’s five global business units. Before joining Lilly, Mike was a litigator at the law firm of Baker & Daniels in Indianapolis. Mike earned a bachelor’s degree in English from Albion College and a law degree from the Columbia University School of Law. Mike currently serves as the board chair for the Indiana Repertory Theatre and the United Way Tocqueville Society and co-chair of the Civil Justice Reform Group (CJRG).  He serves on the boards of National Center for State Courts (NCSC), Leadership Council for Legal Diversity (LCLD), and United Way of Central Indiana.  Mike is also a member of the board of trustees and the executive committee of Albion College. show more, Print Bio, 
Jan M. Lundberg, Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Science and Technology, and President, Lilly Research Laboratories, Jan Lundberg is executive vice president for science and technology and president of Lilly Research Laboratories (LRL). Jan joined Lilly in 2010 as the leader of LRL, encompassing Research and the Medicines Development Unit. Before that he served for ten years as global head of discovery research at AstraZeneca, where he was a member of the senior executive team. He was involved with numerous candidate drug nominations, development projects, and marketed-product support, as well as in-licensing, partnering, and acquisitions. In other previous roles, Jan served as a professor at the Karolinska Institute’s department of pharmacology in Stockholm, Sweden. He has 500 scientific publications and is a highly cited scientist with several recognition awards. He is a co-founder of Aerocrine AB, a biotech diagnostic company with exhaled nitric oxide as allergic asthma breath test. Jan earned a BSM equivalent in medicine from the University of Gothenburg and a Ph.D. in pharmacology from Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. He was also appointed as honorary doctor of Uppsala University’s pharmaceutical faculty. Jan has served as chairman of the Ph.D. and post-doctoral program at the Karolinska Institute; on the evaluation committee for the Swedish Medical Research Council; on the executive advisory board of the Swedish Medical Products Agency Registration of New Drugs (affiliated with the European Medicines Agency); and as part of lead that generated the Innovative Medicines Initiative, a major public-private partnership in the European Union and recently the Accelerating Medicines Partnership with the NIH in the U.S. He serves on the boards of TransCelerate Biopharma, Inc., Pharma Foundation and the Indiana life-sciences initiative BioCrossroads. show more, Print Bio, 
Susan Mahony, Ph.D. Senior Vice President and President, Lilly Oncology, Sue Mahony is a senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Lilly Oncology. Sue joined Lilly in 2000 after more than ten years in sales and marketing roles in the United Kingdom and Europe in oncology, hematology, and cardiovascular medicine for Schering-Plough, Amgen, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. At Lilly, Sue has worked in product development, Six Sigma, marketing, and general management roles. After leading Lilly’s operations in Canada, Sue was appointed senior vice president of human resources and diversity, before assuming her current role in 2011. Sue earned a bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from Aston University in the U.K., and a Ph.D. in pharmacy in Aston’s Cancer Research Campaign’s experimental chemotherapy group. She also earned a master’s degree in business administration from the London Business School. In 2012, Sue received an honorary doctorate from Aston University. Sue serves on the board of the United Way of Central Indiana. show more, Print Bio, 
Barton R. Peterson Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Communications, Bart Peterson is senior vice president of corporate affairs and communications for Eli Lilly and Company. Before joining Lilly in 2009 in his current role, Bart served as managing director of Strategic Capital Partners, as a fellow with the Institute of Politics at Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government, and as a distinguished visiting professor of public policy at Ball State University. From 2000 to 2007, Bart served two terms as mayor of Indianapolis, and in 2007 was president of the National League of Cities. In conjunction with Indiana University, Purdue University, Lilly, and the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, Bart championed the creation of BioCrossroads, the Indiana life-sciences initiative. Prior to running for office, he was a member of Indiana Governor Evan Bayh’s leadership team, first as his advisor for environmental affairs and later as chief of staff. He also was an attorney with IceMiller in Indianapolis. Bart earned his bachelor’s degree from Purdue University and a law degree from the University of Michigan. Bart is a founding member and board chair of The Mind Trust, a non-profit organization promoting education reform. He also is a board member of the Regenstrief Foundation and Kite Realty Group, as well as a member of the Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs Dean’s Council. In 2012, Bart was appointed by the U.S. Department of State to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Business Advisory Council. show more, Print Bio, 
Derica W. Rice Executive Vice President, Global Services, and Chief Financial Officer, Derica Rice is executive vice president of global services and chief financial officer for Eli Lilly and Company. After joining Lilly in 1990 as an international treasury associate, Derica served in a variety of roles, including sales representative, manager of global financial planning and analysis for the medical devices division, and global planning manager for pharmaceuticals. He then became finance director and chief financial officer for Lilly Canada, after which he was named executive director and chief financial officer for European operations based in London. Derica next served as general manager of Lilly’s U.K. affiliate and then as Lilly’s vice president and controller until he was promoted to CFO in 2006. Derica earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Kettering University and a master's degree in business administration from Indiana University. He serves as a member of the board of directors for Target Corporation, IU Health North, and the Center for Leadership Development. He also serves as a member of the Indiana University Board of Trustees and the Indianapolis Museum of Art’s Board of Governors. show more, Print Bio, 
Jeffrey N. Simmons Senior Vice President and President, Elanco Animal Health, Jeff Simmons is a senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Elanco Animal Health. Since joining Lilly in 1989, Jeff has held a number of sales, marketing, and management positions in Elanco, including country director in Brazil and area director for Western Europe based in the United Kingdom. He was named president of Elanco in 2008. Jeff earned a bachelor’s degree in business from Cornell University. Jeff serves on the board of directors for Chiquita and serves as chairman of the International Federation of Animal Health. show more, Print Bio, 
Fionnuala M. Walsh, Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Global Quality, Fionnuala Walsh is senior vice president of global quality for Eli Lilly and Company. Fionnuala joined Lilly in 1988 at the manufacturing site in Kinsale, Ireland, where she held roles in technical services, project outsourcing, new-product introductions, and laboratory analytics. Fionnuala also held management positions in quality and manufacturing science and technology before she was appointed global quality leader in 2002 and vice president for global quality operations in 2005. She has served as senior vice president of global quality since 2007. Fionnuala earned her bachelor’s and doctoral degrees in chemistry from University College in Dublin, Ireland. She has served as a member of the Irish Council for Science, Technology, and Innovation and the API Committee of the Pharmaceutical Researchers and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). show more, Print Bio, 
Alfonso G. Zulueta Senior Vice President and President, Emerging Markets, Alfonso "Chito" Zulueta is a senior vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of Lilly Emerging Markets. After joining Lilly in 1988 in the Philippines, Chito held several sales and marketing positions in the U.S. before becoming general manager of the Philippines affiliate in 1995. He also served as vice president of global marketing, as vice president for diabetes, family health, and neuroscience products for the U.S. operations, and as president of the company’s Asian operations before becoming president of Lilly Japan in 2008. Chito received a bachelor's degree in economics from DeSalle University in the Philippines and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Virginia. He has chaired the Japan-based executive committee of the Pharmaceutical Researchers and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), and he serves on the boards of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan and U.S.-Japan Business Council. show more, Print Bio, 
www.lilly.com/about/executives/Pages/executives.aspx