
Vietnam, Tiếng Việt, 
Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Download, 
Irene is Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International, the global snacking powerhouse launched following her strategic decision to spin-off of the company’s North American grocery operations in October 2012. Creating delicious moments of joy in 165 countries, Mondelēz International (NASDAQ: MDLZ), with pro forma 2014 revenue of more than $30 billion, is a world leader in chocolate, biscuits, gum, candy, and powdered beverages, with billion-dollar brands such as Cadbury, Cadbury, Dairy Milk and Milka, chocolate, LU, Nabisco, and Oreo, biscuits, Tang, powdered beverages and Trident, gum.
Irene is Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International, the global snacking powerhouse launched following her strategic decision to spin-off of the company’s North American grocery operations in October 2012. Creating delicious moments of joy in 165 countries, Mondelēz International (NASDAQ: MDLZ), with pro forma 2014 revenue of more than $30 billion, is a world leader in chocolate, biscuits, gum, candy, and powdered beverages, with billion-dollar brands such as Cadbury, Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka chocolate, LU, Nabisco and Oreo biscuits, Tang powdered beverages and Trident gum. Since returning to Kraft Foods, the predecessor to Mondelēz International, in June 2006 as CEO and then Chairman in March 2007, Irene has changed the face, footprint and prospects of the company by reinvigorating iconic brands, transforming the portfolio into high-growth snacks categories, strengthening the company's presence in vibrant emerging markets and aggressively improving margins., The Financial Times, Fortune and Forbes have repeatedly ranked Irene on their lists of the “Top 50 Women in Global Business, ” “50 Most Powerful Women in Business” and as one of the world’s “100 Most Powerful Women.”, Irene holds a Ph.D. in Marketing and Statistics, an M.S. in Business Administration and a B.A. in Psychology – all from Cornell University. She is active in a number of industry and community organizations, including The Economic Club of Chicago, the Board of the Consumer Goods Forum and The Business Council., 
Gustavo Abelenda, Executive Vice President and President, Latin America
Gustavo Abelenda, Executive Vice President and President, Latin America Download, 
​Maurizio Brusadelli, President, Asia Pacific
​Maurizio Brusadelli, President, Asia Pacific Download, 
Tim Cofer, Chief Growth Officer
Tim Cofer, Chief Growth Officer Download, 
Brian Gladden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Brian Gladden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Download, 
Rob Hargrove, Executive Vice President Research, Development & Quality 
Rob Hargrove, Executive Vice President Research, Development & Quality  Download, 
Roberto Marques, Executive Vice President and President, North America
Roberto Marques, Executive Vice President and President, North America Download, 
Roberto Marques is Executive Vice President and President, North America at Mondelēz International. In this role, he’s responsible for leading Mondelēz International’s $7 billion North America region, which spans the U.S. and Canada and includes Power Brands like Oreo, and belVita, biscuits; Triscuit, and Wheat Thins, crackers; Halls, candy and Trident, gum. In this role, Marques is a business sponsor on the company’s Supply Chain Reinvention Steering Committee and Sales & Marketing Optimization team as well as a member of Mondelēz International’s newly formed Growth Council.
His track record includes driving growth through global platforms and leading multiple businesses and functions, including start-ups, turnarounds and the effective repositioning and growth of leading household brands, including Acuvue, Aveeno, Band-Aid, Johnson’s, Listerine, Neutrogena, Neosporin, Rogaine, Splenda, Tylenol, and Zyrtec, .
Karen May, Executive Vice President, Human Resources
Karen May, Executive Vice President, Human Resources Download, 
Daniel Myers, Executive Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain
Daniel Myers, Executive Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain Download, 
Gerhard Pleuhs, Executive Vice President & General Counsel
Gerhard Pleuhs, Executive Vice President & General Counsel Download, 
Since leaving the “home territory” in Bremen, Germany, for more than a decade, Gerd has been involved in and dealt with a wide variety of legal issues and matters. His work has involved many jurisdictions and areas of law and compliance, including much of Kraft’s international M&A activity.  Gerd negotiated Kraft’s acquisition of businesses in Morocco, Bulgaria, Romania, Russia, Poland, Turkey, and Egypt. He was the lead negotiator in Kraft’s 2007 $7.6Bn acquisition of Danone’s LU, biscuit business. He was also a member of the core team responsible for Kraft’s $19Bn Cadbury acquisition in 2010.
Under Gerd’s leadership, the BU team has twice received Inside Counsel, magazine’s “Most Innovative Legal Department” award.
Hubert Weber, Executive Vice President and President, Mondelēz Europe
Hubert Weber, Executive Vice President and President, Mondelēz Europe Download, 
Appointed Executive Vice President and President of Mondelēz Europe in September 2013, Hubert Weber is responsible for Mondelēz International’s largest region by sales, encompassing 33 countries and around 33, 000 employees and generating approximately USD 14 billion in annual revenues., Between 2010 and 2013, Hubert led the European and Global Coffee category for Mondelēz International, overseeing the expansion of the Tassimo, multi-beverage system and new product launches such as Millicano whole-bean instant coffee. Under his tenure, the Coffee category grew by around 5% annually, propelled by around 25% year-on-year growth in Tassimo, . The category fully embraced the trend among European consumers for on-demand coffee and realized its ambition to become a truly global business, with an 11% share of the global market and the number two global market position. Hubert has chaired the European Coffee Federation since 2011., Prior to his role in Coffee, Hubert led a successful turnaround of the key DACH region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) during his tenure as President DACH between 2009 and 2010 and was Managing Director Spain from 2007 to 2009. During his 25-year career with the company he has been responsible for sales strategy in global and regional roles, and has worked in seven European countries, as well as the United States., A passionate advocate for Mondelēz International’s sustainable agriculture agenda, Hubert was the architect of the company’s industry-leading commitment that by 2015, all the coffee beans used in its multiple brands in Europe would be sustainably sourced. In 2012, Hubert launched a multi-year USD 200 million commitment to coffee, called Coffee Made Happy that builds on the sustainable coffee sourcing commitment and aims to create one million coffee entrepreneurs by the year 2020. Alongside his dedication to sustainability, Hubert’s focus on people and teams has prompted his ongoing campaign for a radical simplification of processes and systems in the European business, calling for the organization to “keep it simple” and to free up resources to focus on the essentials., A graduate in economics and business, Hubert studied at the University of Stuttgart-Hohenheim. Married with two children, his passion for food extends to his private interest in cooking and entertaining. He lives in Zurich.
www.mondelezinternational.com/about-us/our-management-team