J. Paul Raines	title	Chief Executive Officer	J. Paul Raines,  Chief Executive Officer 
Tony Bartel	title	Chief Operating Officer	Tony Bartel,  Chief Operating Officer 
Robert A.  Lloyd	title	Chief Financial Officer	Robert A.  Lloyd,  Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel  A.  DeMatteo	title	Executive Chairman and Director	Daniel  A.  DeMatteo,  Executive Chairman and Director, 
Michael K. Mauler	title	executive vice president	Michael K. Mauler,  Michael K. Mauler is executive vice president and president of GameStop International, a role he has held since 2010. Mauler was formerly the company’s senior vice president of supply chain and international support, a position he held since 2005. Prior to that, Mauler was the vice president of logistics of Electronics Boutique. Mauler has also held senior management positions for Baxter Healthcare, Dade Behring and Fisher Scientific, where he led operations for 22 countries., 
Michael K. Mauler	title	president	Michael K. Mauler,  Michael K. Mauler is executive vice president and president of GameStop International, a role he has held since 2010. Mauler was formerly the company’s senior vice president of supply chain and international support, a position he held since 2005. Prior to that, Mauler was the vice president of logistics of Electronics Boutique. Mauler has also held senior management positions for Baxter Healthcare, Dade Behring and Fisher Scientific, where he led operations for 22 countries., 
Michael P. Hogan	title	executive vice president	Michael P. Hogan,  Michael P. Hogan is the executive vice president of strategic business and brand development, a role he has held since 2012. He joined GameStop in 2008 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer. Previously, Hogan served as a principal with Strategic Frameworking, a strategic consulting firm. Hogan also served as a senior vice president of marketing at Dean Foods Company and as vice president of international marketing at Frito-Lay. Hogan currently serves on the Board of Directors of Feed the Children, a non-profit organization., 
Michael P. Hogan	employee_of	strategic business	Michael P. Hogan,  Michael P. Hogan is the executive vice president of strategic business and brand development, a role he has held since 2012. He joined GameStop in 2008 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer. Previously, Hogan served as a principal with Strategic Frameworking, a strategic consulting firm. Hogan also served as a senior vice president of marketing at Dean Foods Company and as vice president of international marketing at Frito-Lay. Hogan currently serves on the Board of Directors of Feed the Children, a non-profit organization., 
Michael P. Hogan	employee_of	brand development	Michael P. Hogan,  Michael P. Hogan is the executive vice president of strategic business and brand development, a role he has held since 2012. He joined GameStop in 2008 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer. Previously, Hogan served as a principal with Strategic Frameworking, a strategic consulting firm. Hogan also served as a senior vice president of marketing at Dean Foods Company and as vice president of international marketing at Frito-Lay. Hogan currently serves on the Board of Directors of Feed the Children, a non-profit organization., 
Michael T.  Buskey	title	executive vice president	Michael T.  Buskey,  Michael T. Buskey is the executive vice president and president of U.S. Stores, a role he has held since January 2015. He joined GameStop in 2010 as senior vice president of Human Resources. Previously, Buskey served as senior vice president of Human Resources and U.S. Store Operations for The Home Depot. Buskey has more than 30 years of retail leadership experience in human resources and store operations., 
Michael T.  Buskey	title	president	Michael T.  Buskey,  Michael T. Buskey is the executive vice president and president of U.S. Stores, a role he has held since January 2015. He joined GameStop in 2010 as senior vice president of Human Resources. Previously, Buskey served as senior vice president of Human Resources and U.S. Store Operations for The Home Depot. Buskey has more than 30 years of retail leadership experience in human resources and store operations., 
