Doug Oberhelman	title	Chairman	Doug Oberhelman - Chairman & CEO Doug Oberhelman was elected chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer (CEO) of Caterpillar Inc. in 2010. Since becoming chairman and CEO, Oberhelman has led Caterpillar through accelerated business cycles, implementing cost-efficiencies and Lean manufacturing to simplify and improve global manufacturing and operations. He has also led the company to renew its focus on customers and reinforced its dedication to quality, sustainability and innovations critical to the success of Caterpillar customers and employees, and Cat dealers. Oberhelman joined the Caterpillar treasury department in 1975 and has worked in or led a wide variety of businesses across the company. He was elected a Caterpillar vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in 1995; and from 2002 to 2010 was a group president with responsibility for many of Caterpillar’s core businesses. Over the course of his career at Caterpillar he has lived in North America, South America and Asia, and has traveled extensively throughout the world. » Read Oberhelman's Full Biography,  » View Organization Chart, 
Doug Oberhelman	title	CEO	Doug Oberhelman - Chairman & CEO Doug Oberhelman was elected chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer (CEO) of Caterpillar Inc. in 2010. Since becoming chairman and CEO, Oberhelman has led Caterpillar through accelerated business cycles, implementing cost-efficiencies and Lean manufacturing to simplify and improve global manufacturing and operations. He has also led the company to renew its focus on customers and reinforced its dedication to quality, sustainability and innovations critical to the success of Caterpillar customers and employees, and Cat dealers. Oberhelman joined the Caterpillar treasury department in 1975 and has worked in or led a wide variety of businesses across the company. He was elected a Caterpillar vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in 1995; and from 2002 to 2010 was a group president with responsibility for many of Caterpillar’s core businesses. Over the course of his career at Caterpillar he has lived in North America, South America and Asia, and has traveled extensively throughout the world. » Read Oberhelman's Full Biography,  » View Organization Chart, 
James B. Buda	title	Executive Vice President	James B. Buda,   - Executive Vice President,  Kathryn Dickey Karol, 
David P. Bozeman	title	Senior Vice President	David P. Bozeman,  - Senior Vice President,  Frank J. Crespo, 
R. B. (Rob) Charter	title	president	R. B. (Rob) Charter is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Customer & Dealer Support, which includes Asia Pacific, CIS, Africa & Middle East and Americas & Europe distribution divisions, Global Aftermarket Solutions, Wear Components & Aftermarket Distribution, Marketing and Digital and the Sustainable Solutions Division. Learn More, 
Brad Halverson	title	president	Brad Halverson is a group president and CFO of Caterpillar Inc. Halverson has responsibility for the Finance Services Division, Human Services Division, Global Information Services, Financial Products Division, Strategic Services Division, as well as Corporate Auditing. Learn More, 
Brad Halverson	title	CFO	Brad Halverson is a group president and CFO of Caterpillar Inc. Halverson has responsibility for the Finance Services Division, Human Services Division, Global Information Services, Financial Products Division, Strategic Services Division, as well as Corporate Auditing. Learn More, 
Thomas Pellette	title	president	Thomas Pellette is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Construction Industries, which includes the Earthmoving, Excavation, Building Construction Products, China Operations, and the Global Construction & Infrastructure Divisions. Learn More, 
Denise Johnson	title	group president	Denise Johnson is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. She has administrative responsibility for Resources Industries, which includes four divisions -- Advanced Components & Systems, Surface Mining & Technology, Material Handling & Underground and Product Development & Global Technology Divisions.   Learn More, 
D. James (Jim) Umpleby	title	president	D. James (Jim) Umpleby is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Ill. He is responsible for Caterpillar's Energy & Transportation Group, which includes the following divisions: Marine & Petroleum Power, Progress Rail Services, Electric Power, Solar Turbines, Industrial Power Systems and Large Power Systems. Learn More, 
Jananne A. Copeland	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Jananne A. Copeland,  - Chief Accounting Officer
Jill E. Daugherty	title	Corporate Controller	Jill E. Daugherty,  - Corporate Controller
Richard D. Moore	title	Treasurer	Richard D. Moore,  - Treasurer
Kim R. Doe	title	Chief Audit Officer	Kim R. Doe,  - Chief Audit Officer
Lance W. High	title	Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer	Lance W. High,  - Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer
Christopher M. Reitz	title	Corporate Secretary	Christopher M. Reitz,  - Corporate Secretary
Sally A. Stiles	title	Assistant Treasurer	Sally A. Stiles,  - Assistant Treasurer
Patrick G. Holcombe	title	Assistant Secretary	Patrick G. Holcombe,  - Assistant Secretary
Joni J. Funk	title	Assistant Secretary	Joni J. Funk,  - Assistant Secretary
