James P. Clappin	title	President	James P. Clappin, | President, Corning Glass Technologies James P. Clappin is president of Corning Glass Technologies (CGT) group. Comprising CGT are Corning’s Display Technologies and Specialty Materials businesses, which includes Corning’s growing Gorilla® Glass for handheld, IT and large cover glass application. He is also responsible for the newest addition to the CGT group, Corning Precision Materials Korea, the former LCD glass substrate joint venture between Corning and Samsung Display that Corning acquired in January, 2014. Read More, 
James P. Clappin	employee_of	Corning Glass Technologies	James P. Clappin, | President, Corning Glass Technologies James P. Clappin is president of Corning Glass Technologies (CGT) group. Comprising CGT are Corning’s Display Technologies and Specialty Materials businesses, which includes Corning’s growing Gorilla® Glass for handheld, IT and large cover glass application. He is also responsible for the newest addition to the CGT group, Corning Precision Materials Korea, the former LCD glass substrate joint venture between Corning and Samsung Display that Corning acquired in January, 2014. Read More, 
Martin J. Curran	title	Executive Vice President	Martin J. Curran, | Executive Vice President & Corning Innovation Officer Marty Curran was appointed Corning’s first innovation officer in August 2012. In this role, Curran manages a portfolio of programs to increase the probability of success for new business opportunities. The innovation office was created to build an entrepreneurial-focused organization that could operate across all business segments to identify and develop near-term revenue opportunities.  Read More, 
Martin J. Curran	title	Corning Innovation Officer	Martin J. Curran, | Executive Vice President & Corning Innovation Officer Marty Curran was appointed Corning’s first innovation officer in August 2012. In this role, Curran manages a portfolio of programs to increase the probability of success for new business opportunities. The innovation office was created to build an entrepreneurial-focused organization that could operate across all business segments to identify and develop near-term revenue opportunities.  Read More, 
Jeffrey Evenson	title	Senior Vice President	Dr. Jeffrey Evenson, | Senior Vice President & Chief Strategy Officer Jeff Evenson joined Corning in 2011 and was named chief strategy officer in 2015. In this role, Evenson oversees corporate strategy, corporate communications, and analytics. Read More, 
Jeffrey Evenson	title	Chief Strategy Officer	Dr. Jeffrey Evenson, | Senior Vice President & Chief Strategy Officer Jeff Evenson joined Corning in 2011 and was named chief strategy officer in 2015. In this role, Evenson oversees corporate strategy, corporate communications, and analytics. Read More, 
Lisa Ferrero	title	Senior Vice President	Lisa Ferrero, | Senior Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Lisa Ferrero is senior vice president and chief administrative officer. In this role, she is responsible for Aviation, Business Services, Corning Enterprises and Community Affairs, Global Supply Management, Government Affairs, Global Information Security, and Information Technology. Read More, 
Lisa Ferrero	title	Chief Administrative Officer	Lisa Ferrero, | Senior Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Lisa Ferrero is senior vice president and chief administrative officer. In this role, she is responsible for Aviation, Business Services, Corning Enterprises and Community Affairs, Global Supply Management, Government Affairs, Global Information Security, and Information Technology. Read More, 
Lisa Ferrero	employee_of	Global Supply Management, 	Lisa Ferrero, | Senior Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Lisa Ferrero is senior vice president and chief administrative officer. In this role, she is responsible for Aviation, Business Services, Corning Enterprises and Community Affairs, Global Supply Management, Government Affairs, Global Information Security, and Information Technology. Read More, 
Lisa Ferrero	employee_of	Government Affairs	Lisa Ferrero, | Senior Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Lisa Ferrero is senior vice president and chief administrative officer. In this role, she is responsible for Aviation, Business Services, Corning Enterprises and Community Affairs, Global Supply Management, Government Affairs, Global Information Security, and Information Technology. Read More, 
Clark S. Kinlin	title	Executive Vice President	Clark S. Kinlin, | Executive Vice President, Corning Optical Communications Clark Kinlin was appointed executive vice president, Corning Optical Communications in August 2012. Kinlin is responsible for worldwide production, development, and sales of optical fiber, cable, and connectivity solutions used in Carrier and Enterprise Networks. As leader of the business group, Kinlin is focused on pursuing growth opportunities that drive optical conversion to every ‘edge’ of the communications network. Read More, 
Clark S. Kinlin	employee_of	Corning Optical Communications	Clark S. Kinlin, | Executive Vice President, Corning Optical Communications Clark Kinlin was appointed executive vice president, Corning Optical Communications in August 2012. Kinlin is responsible for worldwide production, development, and sales of optical fiber, cable, and connectivity solutions used in Carrier and Enterprise Networks. As leader of the business group, Kinlin is focused on pursuing growth opportunities that drive optical conversion to every ‘edge’ of the communications network. Read More, 
Lawrence D. McRae	title	Vice Chairman	Lawrence D. McRae, | Vice Chairman & Corporate Development Officer As vice chairman and corporate development officer, Larry McRae implements strategies related to Corning’s business portfolio, partner agreements, and mergers and acquisitions.  He is also responsible for managing the office of the CEO. Read More, 
Lawrence D. McRae	title	Corporate Development Officer	Lawrence D. McRae, | Vice Chairman & Corporate Development Officer As vice chairman and corporate development officer, Larry McRae implements strategies related to Corning’s business portfolio, partner agreements, and mergers and acquisitions.  He is also responsible for managing the office of the CEO. Read More, 
Lawrence D. McRae	title	CEO	Lawrence D. McRae, | Vice Chairman & Corporate Development Officer As vice chairman and corporate development officer, Larry McRae implements strategies related to Corning’s business portfolio, partner agreements, and mergers and acquisitions.  He is also responsible for managing the office of the CEO. Read More, 
David L. Morse	title	Executive Vice President	Dr. David L. Morse, | Executive Vice President & Chief Technology Officer Dr. David Morse has served as Corning’s executive vice president and chief technology officer since May 2012. Morse is responsible for managing Corning’s innovation portfolio and creating new growth drivers for the company. Prior to his current position, he served as senior vice president and director, Corporate Research Read More, 
David L. Morse	title	Chief Technology Officer	Dr. David L. Morse, | Executive Vice President & Chief Technology Officer Dr. David Morse has served as Corning’s executive vice president and chief technology officer since May 2012. Morse is responsible for managing Corning’s innovation portfolio and creating new growth drivers for the company. Prior to his current position, he served as senior vice president and director, Corporate Research Read More, 
Eric S. Musser	title	Executive Vice President	Eric S. Musser, | Executive Vice President, Corning Technologies & International Eric Musser was appointed executive vice president of Corning Technologies and International in March 2014. Musser is responsible for leading the growth and expansion of Corning’s Environmental Technologies, Life Sciences, and Pharmaceutical Technologies segments, in addition to overseeing Corning’s international divisions and the Global Manufacturing and Quality function. Read More, 
Eric S. Musser	employee_of	Corning Technologies & International	Eric S. Musser, | Executive Vice President, Corning Technologies & International Eric Musser was appointed executive vice president of Corning Technologies and International in March 2014. Musser is responsible for leading the growth and expansion of Corning’s Environmental Technologies, Life Sciences, and Pharmaceutical Technologies segments, in addition to overseeing Corning’s international divisions and the Global Manufacturing and Quality function. Read More, 
Eric S. Musser	employee_of	Global Manufacturing and Quality function. Read More, 	Eric S. Musser, | Executive Vice President, Corning Technologies & International Eric Musser was appointed executive vice president of Corning Technologies and International in March 2014. Musser is responsible for leading the growth and expansion of Corning’s Environmental Technologies, Life Sciences, and Pharmaceutical Technologies segments, in addition to overseeing Corning’s international divisions and the Global Manufacturing and Quality function. Read More, 
Christine M. Pambianchi	title	Senior Vice President	Christine M. Pambianchi, | Senior Vice President, Human Resources Christine M. Pambianchi was appointed to senior vice president, Human Resources in December 2010. In this role, Pambianchi is responsible for leading Corning’s global human resource function. Pambianchi has led the HR function since January 2008 when she was named vice president, Human Resources. Read More, 
Christine M. Pambianchi	employee_of	Human Resources	Christine M. Pambianchi, | Senior Vice President, Human Resources Christine M. Pambianchi was appointed to senior vice president, Human Resources in December 2010. In this role, Pambianchi is responsible for leading Corning’s global human resource function. Pambianchi has led the HR function since January 2008 when she was named vice president, Human Resources. Read More, 
Lewis A. Steverson	title	Senior Vice President	Lewis A. Steverson, | Senior Vice President & General Counsel, Corporate Legal Department Lewis Steverson joined Corning Incorporated as senior vice president and general counsel in June 2013. Prior to joining Corning, Steverson served as senior vice president, general counsel, and secretary of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Previously, he was senior vice president of law for Motorola’s Enterprise Mobility Solutions business.  Read More, 
Lewis A. Steverson	title	General Counsel	Lewis A. Steverson, | Senior Vice President & General Counsel, Corporate Legal Department Lewis Steverson joined Corning Incorporated as senior vice president and general counsel in June 2013. Prior to joining Corning, Steverson served as senior vice president, general counsel, and secretary of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Previously, he was senior vice president of law for Motorola’s Enterprise Mobility Solutions business.  Read More, 
Lewis A. Steverson	employee_of	Corporate Legal Department	Lewis A. Steverson, | Senior Vice President & General Counsel, Corporate Legal Department Lewis Steverson joined Corning Incorporated as senior vice president and general counsel in June 2013. Prior to joining Corning, Steverson served as senior vice president, general counsel, and secretary of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Previously, he was senior vice president of law for Motorola’s Enterprise Mobility Solutions business.  Read More, 
Tony Tripeny	title	Senior Vice President	Tony Tripeny, | Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Tony Tripeny became Corning’s chief financial officer in September 2015. As CFO, Tripeny is the chief steward of Corning’s financial health, overseeing the finance and Investor Relations functions.  Read More, 
Tony Tripeny	title	Chief Financial Officer	Tony Tripeny, | Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Tony Tripeny became Corning’s chief financial officer in September 2015. As CFO, Tripeny is the chief steward of Corning’s financial health, overseeing the finance and Investor Relations functions.  Read More, 
Wendell P. Weeks	title	Chairman	Wendell P. Weeks, | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Wendell P. Weeks is chairman and chief executive officer of Corning Incorporated. He was named chief executive officer in April 2005 and chairman of the board in April 2007. He has been a member of the company’s board of directors since December 2000. Read More, 
Wendell P. Weeks	title	Chief Executive Officer	Wendell P. Weeks, | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Wendell P. Weeks is chairman and chief executive officer of Corning Incorporated. He was named chief executive officer in April 2005 and chairman of the board in April 2007. He has been a member of the company’s board of directors since December 2000. Read More, 
