Bill Nuti	title	President	Bill Nuti President, CEO and Chairman Executive Officer,  Bill Nuti is President, CEO and Chairman of NCR Corporation. NCR is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, enabling more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. Bill is highly respected for his leadership skills and acclaimed for his vision and expertise in transforming and reinventing companies for sustainable and profitable growth. Read More,
Bill Nuti	title	CEO	Bill Nuti President, CEO and Chairman Executive Officer,  Bill Nuti is President, CEO and Chairman of NCR Corporation. NCR is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, enabling more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. Bill is highly respected for his leadership skills and acclaimed for his vision and expertise in transforming and reinventing companies for sustainable and profitable growth. Read More,
Bill Nuti	title	Chairman	Bill Nuti President, CEO and Chairman Executive Officer,  Bill Nuti is President, CEO and Chairman of NCR Corporation. NCR is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, enabling more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. Bill is highly respected for his leadership skills and acclaimed for his vision and expertise in transforming and reinventing companies for sustainable and profitable growth. Read More,
Bill Nuti	title	Executive Officer	Bill Nuti President, CEO and Chairman Executive Officer,  Bill Nuti is President, CEO and Chairman of NCR Corporation. NCR is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, enabling more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. Bill is highly respected for his leadership skills and acclaimed for his vision and expertise in transforming and reinventing companies for sustainable and profitable growth. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	EVP	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	CFO	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Executive Officer	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Executive Vice President	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Assistant Controller	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Vice President	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	CFO	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Bob Fishman	title	Director	Bob Fishman EVP, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer Executive Officer,  Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR. Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including     2Corporate Controller   ,  Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing. Read More,
Rick Marquardt	title	EVP	Rick Marquardt EVP, Services, Hardware Solutions and Enterprise Quality Executive Officer,  Rick Marquardt is EVP, Services, Hardware Solutions and Enterprise Quality. NCR Services is comprised of more than 11,000 service professionals serving customers on a 24x7x365 basis in more than 90 countries around the world. Marquardt is responsible for all of NCR’s global support services including its outsourced and managed service offerings as well as service delivery and service enablement across NCR’s target industries and markets. Read More,
Andrea Ledford	title	EVP	Andrea Ledford EVP, Chief Administration Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer Executive Officer,  Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Read More,
Andrea Ledford	title	Chief Administration Officer	Andrea Ledford EVP, Chief Administration Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer Executive Officer,  Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Read More,
Andrea Ledford	title	Chief Human Resources Officer	Andrea Ledford EVP, Chief Administration Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer Executive Officer,  Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Read More,
Andrea Ledford	title	Executive Officer	Andrea Ledford EVP, Chief Administration Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer Executive Officer,  Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Read More,
Andrea Ledford	title	Executive Vice President	Andrea Ledford EVP, Chief Administration Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer Executive Officer,  Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Read More,
Michael Bayer	title	SVP	Michael Bayer SVP, President, NCR Retail Executive Officer,  As SVP, President, NCR Retail, Michael Bayer is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global retail markets. Read More,
Michael Bayer	title	President	Michael Bayer SVP, President, NCR Retail Executive Officer,  As SVP, President, NCR Retail, Michael Bayer is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global retail markets. Read More,
Michael Bayer	title	Retail Executive Officer	Michael Bayer SVP, President, NCR Retail Executive Officer,  As SVP, President, NCR Retail, Michael Bayer is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global retail markets. Read More,
Paul Langenbahn	title	SVP	Paul Langenbahn SVP & President, Hospitality As Senior Vice President and President of the NCR Hospitality and Travel Division, Paul Langenbahn is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global hospitality and travel markets. Prior to becoming Division President in 2014, Langenbahn served as Vice President, global sales, marketing, and services from 2011-2014. Read More,
Paul Langenbahn	title	President	Paul Langenbahn SVP & President, Hospitality As Senior Vice President and President of the NCR Hospitality and Travel Division, Paul Langenbahn is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global hospitality and travel markets. Prior to becoming Division President in 2014, Langenbahn served as Vice President, global sales, marketing, and services from 2011-2014. Read More,
Andrew S. Heyman	title	SVP	Andrew S. Heyman SVP, President, NCR Financial Services Executive Officer,  Mr. Heyman currently serves as SVP, President, NCR Financial Services for NCR Corporation. Heyman leads NCR’s global Financial Services business, including global product management, solution development, sales and marketing, customer support, and global account management. Read More,
Andrew S. Heyman	title	President	Andrew S. Heyman SVP, President, NCR Financial Services Executive Officer,  Mr. Heyman currently serves as SVP, President, NCR Financial Services for NCR Corporation. Heyman leads NCR’s global Financial Services business, including global product management, solution development, sales and marketing, customer support, and global account management. Read More,
Andrew S. Heyman	title	Financial Services Executive Officer	Andrew S. Heyman SVP, President, NCR Financial Services Executive Officer,  Mr. Heyman currently serves as SVP, President, NCR Financial Services for NCR Corporation. Heyman leads NCR’s global Financial Services business, including global product management, solution development, sales and marketing, customer support, and global account management. Read More,
Edward Gallagher	title	SVP	Edward Gallagher SVP, General Counsel and Secretary Executive Officer,  Edward Gallagher is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NCR Corporation.  Since joining NCR in 1992, Ed has served in a number of leadership positions including head of the company’s Litigation & Employment Law Group, Chief Counsel for the Systemedia Division and Chief Counsel of the Year 2000 Group. Read More,
Edward Gallagher	title	General Counsel	Edward Gallagher SVP, General Counsel and Secretary Executive Officer,  Edward Gallagher is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NCR Corporation.  Since joining NCR in 1992, Ed has served in a number of leadership positions including head of the company’s Litigation & Employment Law Group, Chief Counsel for the Systemedia Division and Chief Counsel of the Year 2000 Group. Read More,
Edward Gallagher	title	Secretary Executive Officer	Edward Gallagher SVP, General Counsel and Secretary Executive Officer,  Edward Gallagher is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NCR Corporation.  Since joining NCR in 1992, Ed has served in a number of leadership positions including head of the company’s Litigation & Employment Law Group, Chief Counsel for the Systemedia Division and Chief Counsel of the Year 2000 Group. Read More,
Ruth Fornell	title	SVP	Ruth Fornell SVP, Global Professional Services Ruth Fornell is Senior Vice President of Global Professional Services for NCR Corporation. In this role, she leads a team of 3,000+ professionals and is responsible for professional services consultants and delivering technical and business consulting services worldwide. Fornell also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti. Read More,
Ruth Fornell	title	Senior Vice President	Ruth Fornell SVP, Global Professional Services Ruth Fornell is Senior Vice President of Global Professional Services for NCR Corporation. In this role, she leads a team of 3,000+ professionals and is responsible for professional services consultants and delivering technical and business consulting services worldwide. Fornell also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti. Read More,
J. Robert Ciminera	title	SVP	J. Robert Ciminera SVP Hardware Product Operations As Senior Vice President of Hardware Product Operations at NCR Inc., Bob Ciminera is responsible for NCR’s Financial, Retail and Hospitality product portfolios. This includes engineering, product life cycle management, material supply chain, manufacturing, customer fulfillment and reverse logistics, as well as managing $4B of other corporate spend. In this capacity, he is responsible for driving more than $100M in cost improvement per year, while ensuring product innovation, product quality, on time customer delivery and high working capital efficiency. Read More,
J. Robert Ciminera	title	Senior Vice President	J. Robert Ciminera SVP Hardware Product Operations As Senior Vice President of Hardware Product Operations at NCR Inc., Bob Ciminera is responsible for NCR’s Financial, Retail and Hospitality product portfolios. This includes engineering, product life cycle management, material supply chain, manufacturing, customer fulfillment and reverse logistics, as well as managing $4B of other corporate spend. In this capacity, he is responsible for driving more than $100M in cost improvement per year, while ensuring product innovation, product quality, on time customer delivery and high working capital efficiency. Read More,
Eli Rosner	title	SVP	Eli Rosner SVP & Chief Technology Officer, Software Solutions Eli Rosner is Senior Vice President & Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Software Solutions for NCR Corporation. In this role, he is accountable for the company’s strategy, formulation, development and cross-functional delivery of NCR’s software portfolio. Rosner also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti. Read More,
Eli Rosner	title	Chief Technology Officer	Eli Rosner SVP & Chief Technology Officer, Software Solutions Eli Rosner is Senior Vice President & Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Software Solutions for NCR Corporation. In this role, he is accountable for the company’s strategy, formulation, development and cross-functional delivery of NCR’s software portfolio. Rosner also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti. Read More,
William (Bill) T. VanCuren	title	SVP	William (Bill) T. VanCuren SVP & Chief Information Officer Bill VanCuren is Senior Vice president and CIO for NCR Corporation. Bill is a member of both the corporate leadership team and Chief Financial Office organizations. His current assignment as the CIO has oversight over the full strategic IT portfolio, global networks and processing services for both internal and external customer managed services, and all workgroup collaborative and mobile computing. His role also includes information security and compliancy as well as SaaS datacenter strategy and rationalization. Read More,
William (Bill) T. VanCuren	title	Chief Information Officer	William (Bill) T. VanCuren SVP & Chief Information Officer Bill VanCuren is Senior Vice president and CIO for NCR Corporation. Bill is a member of both the corporate leadership team and Chief Financial Office organizations. His current assignment as the CIO has oversight over the full strategic IT portfolio, global networks and processing services for both internal and external customer managed services, and all workgroup collaborative and mobile computing. His role also includes information security and compliancy as well as SaaS datacenter strategy and rationalization. Read More,
William (Bill) T. VanCuren	title	Senior Vice president	William (Bill) T. VanCuren SVP & Chief Information Officer Bill VanCuren is Senior Vice president and CIO for NCR Corporation. Bill is a member of both the corporate leadership team and Chief Financial Office organizations. His current assignment as the CIO has oversight over the full strategic IT portfolio, global networks and processing services for both internal and external customer managed services, and all workgroup collaborative and mobile computing. His role also includes information security and compliancy as well as SaaS datacenter strategy and rationalization. Read More,
William (Bill) T. VanCuren	title	CIO	William (Bill) T. VanCuren SVP & Chief Information Officer Bill VanCuren is Senior Vice president and CIO for NCR Corporation. Bill is a member of both the corporate leadership team and Chief Financial Office organizations. His current assignment as the CIO has oversight over the full strategic IT portfolio, global networks and processing services for both internal and external customer managed services, and all workgroup collaborative and mobile computing. His role also includes information security and compliancy as well as SaaS datacenter strategy and rationalization. Read More,
