John R. Strangfeld	title	Chairman	John R. Strangfeld,  Chairman and CEO, Prudential Financial, Inc.
John R. Strangfeld	title	CEO	John R. Strangfeld,  Chairman and CEO, Prudential Financial, Inc.
John Strangfeld	title	chairman	John Strangfeld,  is chairman and chief executive officer of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. With 140 years of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. Prudential's businesses include life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, and investment management. In 2016, Prudential ranked No. 1 in FORTUNE ®, ,  magazine's listing of the "World's Most Admired Companies ®, , ” in the “Insurance: Life and Health” category, and the company has held one of the top three spots in this annual ranking since 2010. In addition to its financial strength, Prudential has a strong reputation in social responsibility, and a long-standing commitment to diversity and workplace inclusion. Before Mr. Strangfeld was named chairman and CEO in 2008, he was vice chairman responsible for Prudential's U.S. Businesses, which include both the Investment and the Insurance Divisions. Prior to his position as vice chairman, Mr. Strangfeld held a variety of senior investment positions at Prudential Financial, both within the United States and abroad. Mr. Strangfeld received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Susquehanna University, and an MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. Mr. Strangfeld remains very involved with his alma maters. He is now in his 10th year as chairman of the Board of Trustees of Susquehanna University, and served for 12 years as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Darden School Foundation. In 2005, Mr. Strangfeld initiated and continues to sponsor a scholarship program for military officers seeking to transition into leadership roles in civilian life via an MBA at Darden. Additionally, he is actively pursuing ways for Prudential and other corporations to support Veterans as they re-enter civilian life. Mr. Strangfeld serves as a vice chairman of the Geneva Association. He is chair of the Board of Directors of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, and serves as a member of the Board of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
John Strangfeld	title	chief executive officer	John Strangfeld,  is chairman and chief executive officer of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. With 140 years of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. Prudential's businesses include life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, and investment management. In 2016, Prudential ranked No. 1 in FORTUNE ®, ,  magazine's listing of the "World's Most Admired Companies ®, , ” in the “Insurance: Life and Health” category, and the company has held one of the top three spots in this annual ranking since 2010. In addition to its financial strength, Prudential has a strong reputation in social responsibility, and a long-standing commitment to diversity and workplace inclusion. Before Mr. Strangfeld was named chairman and CEO in 2008, he was vice chairman responsible for Prudential's U.S. Businesses, which include both the Investment and the Insurance Divisions. Prior to his position as vice chairman, Mr. Strangfeld held a variety of senior investment positions at Prudential Financial, both within the United States and abroad. Mr. Strangfeld received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Susquehanna University, and an MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. Mr. Strangfeld remains very involved with his alma maters. He is now in his 10th year as chairman of the Board of Trustees of Susquehanna University, and served for 12 years as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Darden School Foundation. In 2005, Mr. Strangfeld initiated and continues to sponsor a scholarship program for military officers seeking to transition into leadership roles in civilian life via an MBA at Darden. Additionally, he is actively pursuing ways for Prudential and other corporations to support Veterans as they re-enter civilian life. Mr. Strangfeld serves as a vice chairman of the Geneva Association. He is chair of the Board of Directors of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, and serves as a member of the Board of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
Mark B. Grier	title	Vice Chairman	Mark B. Grier,  Vice Chairman
Charles F. Lowrey	title	Executive Vice President	Charles F. Lowrey,  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, International
Charles F. Lowrey	title	Chief Operating Officer	Charles F. Lowrey,  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, International
Stephen Pelletier	title	Executive Vice President	Stephen Pelletier,  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Businesses
Stephen Pelletier	title	Chief Operating Officer	Stephen Pelletier,  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Businesses
Timothy P. Harris	title	Executive Vice President	Timothy P. Harris,  Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy P. Harris	title	General Counsel	Timothy P. Harris,  Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Robert Falzon	title	Executive Vice President	Robert Falzon,  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Robert Falzon	title	Chief Financial Officer	Robert Falzon,  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Sharon C. Taylor	title	Senior Vice President	Sharon C. Taylor,  Senior Vice President, Corporate Human Resources
Sharon C. Taylor	employee_of	Corporate Human Resources	Sharon C. Taylor,  Senior Vice President, Corporate Human Resources
Barbara G. Koster	title	Senior Vice President	Barbara G. Koster,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Barbara G. Koster	title	Chief Information Officer	Barbara G. Koster,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Richard Lambert	title	Senior Vice President	Richard Lambert,  Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary
Richard Lambert	title	Chief Actuary	Richard Lambert,  Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary
Nick Silitch	title	Senior Vice President	Nick Silitch,  Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer
Nick Silitch	title	Chief Risk Officer	Nick Silitch,  Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer
Scott Sleyster	title	Senior Vice President	Scott Sleyster,  Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Scott Sleyster	title	Chief Investment Officer	Scott Sleyster,  Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
