
Our Perspective,  Overview Charge Ready: A Plan for California A Sustainable Market for Distributed Energy Resources Principles for Decommissioning San Onofre Investment in Electricity Infrastructure Cybersecurity & Electricity Infrastructure Physical Infrastructure Security Strategies Our Plan to Add EV Charging Facilities Across California Today, there aren't enough facilities for California drivers to re-charge their hybrid or electric vehicles when they're away from home. Our "Charge Ready" pilot will help. Our View: Distributed Generation We view distributed generation as an opportunity to make our nation’s power grid more flexible and ultimately to better serve our utility customers. Safety, Stewardship & Engagement At San Onofre, the long and complex decommissioning process will be guided by three core principles. Upgrading the Electric Grid We’re making the grid more dependable, safer, and cleaner. Our View: Cybersecurity Policy Cyber threats can evolve faster than standards. We support collaboration and information sharing among federal, state, and local governments and industry. Physical Infrastructure Security Strategies We're implementing a strategy of prevention, protection, and mitigation that's holistic and integrated.
Innovation,  Overview Energy Management Electric Transportation Grid Modernization Cybersecurity Energy Storage Distributed Generation Preferred Resources Pilot Zero Net Energy Homes & Buildings Smart Thermostats We're working on Zero Net Energy construction standards and testing technologies that increase energy efficiency in homes and commercial buildings. Cleaner Heavy-Duty Trucks Vehicle-to-Grid Technology As fuel for transportation, electricity makes sense. Modernizing the Grid We’re modernizing the grid to support a more efficient, resilient, and reliable power network. Patentable Cybersecurity We’ve filed patents on our “Common Cybersecurity Services” solution, and we’re working with the federal government to facilitate broad adoption in the industry. Innovation,  in Advanced Batteries We’re experimenting with advanced batteries to help ‘smooth out’ variations in electric grid load and generation output, for heightened stability in local power distribution systems. Safe and Reliable: Integrating Distributed Resources Our engineers are working on innovations in inverter technology to help ensure safe integration of power from distributed resources into the grid. Our Preferred Resources Pilot We're examining whether renewable energy and other cleaner sources can help lessen the need for new power plants in California.
Overview,  Energy Management,  Electric Transportation,  Grid Modernization,  Cybersecurity,  Energy Storage,  Distributed Generation,  Preferred Resources Pilot, 
Cleaner Heavy-Duty Trucks,  Vehicle-to-Grid Technology, 
Community,  Overview Our Funding Priorities How to Apply Edison Scholars Education Environment Public Safety: Emergency Preparedness Civic Engagement Employee Giving Our Funding Priorities At Edison, our giving is focused on education, the environment, public safety & preparedness, and civic engagement. Guidelines for Eligibility for Funding We offer grants, sponsorships, scholarships, and donations of computers. Applications are accepted online. Scholarships for STEM Students Edison Scholars is our signature program to help exceptional young people prepare for careers in STEM fields. We start accepting applications in October. Edison Supports Education We’re committed to helping keep young people in school and focused on learning. Protecting the Environment As a long-time leader in solar power and energy efficiency, we’re committed to protecting the environment. Edison & the American Red Cross Through PrepareSoCal, we’re helping Southern Californians get prepared for any emergency. Helping Families Move Forward Our partnership with the Advancing Justice | LA helps families affected by poverty and lack of English-language skills. Helping Employees Give Back We encourage our employees to join us in giving back, with a generous matching gifts program and year-round volunteer opportunities.
Investors,  Overview Stock & Dividend Information SEC Filings / Financials Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Corporate Responsibility Selected News Releases SCE Regulatory Highlights Investor Services Answers to Common Questions Contact Investor Relations Investors,  Search Stock Quote Stock Chart Fundamentals Stock Price History Stock Split History Investment Calculator Dividend History Tax Basis Information Annual Reports Proxy Statements SEC Filings Financial & Statistical Reports Debt & Preferred Information Presentations Protecting Native Species Protecting Cultural Artifacts Good corporate responsibility is elemental to our vision of a safer, more dependable, and cleaner energy future. Buy EIX Stock Manage Your Account Email Alerts
Overview Stock & Dividend Information SEC Filings / Financials Events & Presentations,  Corporate Governance Corporate Responsibility Selected News Releases SCE Regulatory Highlights Investor Services Answers to Common Questions Contact Investor Relations Investors Search Stock Quote Stock Chart Fundamentals Stock Price History Stock Split History Investment Calculator Dividend History Tax Basis Information Annual Reports Proxy Statements SEC Filings Financial & Statistical Reports Debt & Preferred Information Presentations,  Protecting Native Species Protecting Cultural Artifacts Good corporate responsibility is elemental to our vision of a safer, more dependable, and cleaner energy future. Buy EIX Stock Manage Your Account Email Alerts
Overview Stock & Dividend Information SEC Filings / Financials Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Corporate Responsibility Selected News Releases SCE Regulatory Highlights Investor Services Answers to Common Questions Contact Investor Relations Investors Search Stock Quote Stock Chart Fundamentals Stock Price History Stock Split History Investment Calculator Dividend History Tax Basis Information Annual Reports Proxy Statements SEC Filings Financial & Statistical Reports Debt & Preferred Information Presentations Protecting Native Species Protecting Cultural Artifacts Good corporate responsibility is elemental to our vision of a safer, more dependable, and cleaner energy future. Buy EIX Stock Manage Your Account Email Alerts, 
Careers,  Overview What We Do Diversity & Inclusion Life at Edison Our Hiring Process Students & Recent Grads What We Do at Edison International From power system engineering and cybersecurity to financial analysis and strategic planning, our team of experts is about as diverse as it gets. Working With Disabilities at Edison Our teams are diverse and inclusive, and we count on everyone to bring something to the table. Benefits Values & Culture Meet Our Employees Veterans at Edison Working here means being part of a collaborative, diverse, and dynamic workplace culture. Our Hiring Process It all starts with searching our job listings, and completing an online application.  Engineering Business & Operations Cybersecurity & Computer Science If you care about things like smarter, cleaner energy for the future, then the place to start your professional career is at Edison.
An overview of Edison International's corporate governance practices is provided below. The Edison International Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the Company's corporate governance practices and makes recommendations to the Edison International Board that the practices be updated from time to time.,  OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS Our Board of Directors consists of 10 directors, elected annually by our shareholders. Meet Our Board of Directors Contact Our Board of Directors The members of our Board of Directors serve on four standing committees.   Audit Committee (PDF) Compensation and Executive Personnel Committee (PDF) Finance, Operations and Safety Oversight Committee (PDF) Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee (PDF) Jagjeet S. Bindra     C M Vanessa C.L. Chang1 M M     Theodore F. Craver, Jr.2         James T. Morris M M     Richard T. Schlosberg, III   M   C Linda G. Stuntz     M M William P. Sullivan     M M Ellen O. Tauscher M   M   Peter J. Taylor1 C M     Brett White3   C   M C Chairperson M Member 1. Financial Expert 2. Chairman of the Board 3. Lead Director GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Our corporate governance practices are reflected in these documents. Our Employee Code of Conduct has been revised, effective September 30, 2014 and posted October 3, 2014, to enhance readability and expand coverage to include the following new topics: cybersecurity, privacy, public safety, reporting off-duty misconduct, social media, workplace violence prevention, and additional topics related to conflicts of interest. Articles of Incorporation (PDF) Bylaws (PDF) Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF) Ethics & Compliance Code for Directors (PDF) Employee Code of Conduct (PDF) Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy (PDF) Audit Committee Charter (PDF) Compensation & Executive Committee Charter (PDF) Finance, Operations & Safety Oversight Committee Charter (PDF) Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter (PDF) Learn about Southern California Edison's corporate governance POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Our political contributions and related expenditures are guided by policy and disclosed in these documents. All contributions and expenditures disclosed in the reports below were made in accordance with the Edison International Political Contribution Policy. Political Contributions Policy (PDF) 2015 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2014 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2013 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2012 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2011 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) Edison International participated in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, which measures the political transparency and oversight practices and policies of S&P 500 companies. Edison International placed in the top two rankings for disclosure and accountability in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index. A full report on the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index can be found here.
An overview of Edison International's corporate governance practices is provided below. The Edison International Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the Company's corporate governance practices and makes recommendations to the Edison International Board that the practices be updated from time to time. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS Our Board of Directors consists of 10 directors, elected annually by our shareholders. Meet Our Board of Directors Contact Our Board of Directors The members of our Board of Directors serve on four standing committees.,    Audit Committee (PDF) Compensation and Executive Personnel Committee (PDF) Finance, Operations and Safety Oversight Committee (PDF) Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee (PDF) Jagjeet S. Bindra     C M Vanessa C.L. Chang1 M M     Theodore F. Craver, Jr.2         James T. Morris M M     Richard T. Schlosberg, III   M   C Linda G. Stuntz     M M William P. Sullivan     M M Ellen O. Tauscher M   M   Peter J. Taylor1 C M     Brett White3   C   M C Chairperson M Member 1. Financial Expert 2. Chairman of the Board 3. Lead Director GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Our corporate governance practices are reflected in these documents. Our Employee Code of Conduct has been revised, effective September 30, 2014 and posted October 3, 2014, to enhance readability and expand coverage to include the following new topics: cybersecurity, privacy, public safety, reporting off-duty misconduct, social media, workplace violence prevention, and additional topics related to conflicts of interest. Articles of Incorporation (PDF) Bylaws (PDF) Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF) Ethics & Compliance Code for Directors (PDF) Employee Code of Conduct (PDF) Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy (PDF) Audit Committee Charter (PDF) Compensation & Executive Committee Charter (PDF) Finance, Operations & Safety Oversight Committee Charter (PDF) Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter (PDF) Learn about Southern California Edison's corporate governance POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Our political contributions and related expenditures are guided by policy and disclosed in these documents. All contributions and expenditures disclosed in the reports below were made in accordance with the Edison International Political Contribution Policy. Political Contributions Policy (PDF) 2015 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2014 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2013 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2012 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2011 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) Edison International participated in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, which measures the political transparency and oversight practices and policies of S&P 500 companies. Edison International placed in the top two rankings for disclosure and accountability in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index. A full report on the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index can be found here.
Jagjeet S. Bindra,      C M
Vanessa C.L. Chang, 1, 
Theodore F. Craver, Jr., 2, 
James T. Morris,  M M    
Richard T. Schlosberg, III,    M   C
Linda G. Stuntz,      M M
William P. Sullivan,      M M
Ellen O. Tauscher,  M   M  
Peter J. Taylor, 1, 
Brett White, 3, 
Audit Committee Charter (PDF),  Compensation & Executive Committee Charter (PDF),  Finance, Operations & Safety Oversight Committee Charter (PDF),  Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter (PDF), 
An overview of Edison International's corporate governance practices is provided below. The Edison International Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the Company's corporate governance practices and makes recommendations to the Edison International Board that the practices be updated from time to time. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS Our Board of Directors consists of 10 directors, elected annually by our shareholders. Meet Our Board of Directors Contact Our Board of Directors The members of our Board of Directors serve on four standing committees.   Audit Committee (PDF) Compensation and Executive Personnel Committee (PDF) Finance, Operations and Safety Oversight Committee (PDF) Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee (PDF) Jagjeet S. Bindra     C M Vanessa C.L. Chang1 M M     Theodore F. Craver, Jr.2         James T. Morris M M     Richard T. Schlosberg, III   M   C Linda G. Stuntz     M M William P. Sullivan     M M Ellen O. Tauscher M   M   Peter J. Taylor1 C M     Brett White3   C   M C Chairperson M Member 1. Financial Expert 2. Chairman of the Board 3. Lead Director GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Our corporate governance practices are reflected in these documents. Our Employee Code of Conduct has been revised, effective September 30, 2014 and posted October 3, 2014, to enhance readability and expand coverage to include the following new topics: cybersecurity, privacy, public safety, reporting off-duty misconduct, social media, workplace violence prevention, and additional topics related to conflicts of interest. Articles of Incorporation (PDF) Bylaws (PDF) Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF) Ethics & Compliance Code for Directors (PDF) Employee Code of Conduct (PDF) Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy (PDF) Audit Committee Charter (PDF) Compensation & Executive Committee Charter (PDF) Finance, Operations & Safety Oversight Committee Charter (PDF) Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter (PDF) Learn about Southern California Edison's corporate governance,  POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Our political contributions and related expenditures are guided by policy and disclosed in these documents. All contributions and expenditures disclosed in the reports below were made in accordance with the Edison International Political Contribution Policy. Political Contributions Policy (PDF) 2015 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2014 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2013 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2012 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2011 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) Edison International participated in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, which measures the political transparency and oversight practices and policies of S&P 500 companies. Edison International placed in the top two rankings for disclosure and accountability in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index. A full report on the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index can be found here.
An overview of Edison International's corporate governance practices is provided below. The Edison International Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the Company's corporate governance practices and makes recommendations to the Edison International Board that the practices be updated from time to time. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS Our Board of Directors consists of 10 directors, elected annually by our shareholders. Meet Our Board of Directors Contact Our Board of Directors The members of our Board of Directors serve on four standing committees.   Audit Committee (PDF) Compensation and Executive Personnel Committee (PDF) Finance, Operations and Safety Oversight Committee (PDF) Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee (PDF) Jagjeet S. Bindra     C M Vanessa C.L. Chang1 M M     Theodore F. Craver, Jr.2         James T. Morris M M     Richard T. Schlosberg, III   M   C Linda G. Stuntz     M M William P. Sullivan     M M Ellen O. Tauscher M   M   Peter J. Taylor1 C M     Brett White3   C   M C Chairperson M Member 1. Financial Expert 2. Chairman of the Board 3. Lead Director GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Our corporate governance practices are reflected in these documents. Our Employee Code of Conduct has been revised, effective September 30, 2014 and posted October 3, 2014, to enhance readability and expand coverage to include the following new topics: cybersecurity, privacy, public safety, reporting off-duty misconduct, social media, workplace violence prevention, and additional topics related to conflicts of interest. Articles of Incorporation (PDF) Bylaws (PDF) Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF) Ethics & Compliance Code for Directors (PDF) Employee Code of Conduct (PDF) Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy (PDF) Audit Committee Charter (PDF) Compensation & Executive Committee Charter (PDF) Finance, Operations & Safety Oversight Committee Charter (PDF) Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter (PDF) Learn about Southern California Edison's corporate governance POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Our political contributions and related expenditures are guided by policy and disclosed in these documents. All contributions and expenditures disclosed in the reports below were made in accordance with the Edison International Political Contribution Policy. Political Contributions Policy (PDF) 2015 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2014 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2013 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2012 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) 2011 Political Contributions and Expenditures (PDF) Edison International participated in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, which measures the political transparency and oversight practices and policies of S&P 500 companies. Edison International placed in the top two rankings for disclosure and accountability in the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index. A full report on the 2015 CPA-Zicklin Index can be found here., 
http://www.edison.com/home/investors/corporate-governance.html