
Deutsch,  English,  Español,  Français,  Italiano,  Magyar,  Nederlands,  Polski,  Português,  Čeština,  Русский,  中文,  日本語, 
This site uses and sets "cookies" on your computer to help make this website better.  You can learn more about these cookies and general information about how to change your cookie settings by clicking here, .  By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
This site uses and sets "cookies" on your computer to help make this website better.  You can learn more about these cookies and general information about how to change your cookie settings by clicking here.  By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. ACCEPT AND CONTINUE BROWSING,  LEARN MORE ABOUT COOKIES ON CATERPILLAR.COM, 
Doug Oberhelman - Chairman & CEO Doug Oberhelman was elected chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer (CEO) of Caterpillar Inc. in 2010. Since becoming chairman and CEO, Oberhelman has led Caterpillar through accelerated business cycles, implementing cost-efficiencies and Lean manufacturing to simplify and improve global manufacturing and operations. He has also led the company to renew its focus on customers and reinforced its dedication to quality, sustainability and innovations critical to the success of Caterpillar customers and employees, and Cat dealers. Oberhelman joined the Caterpillar treasury department in 1975 and has worked in or led a wide variety of businesses across the company. He was elected a Caterpillar vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in 1995; and from 2002 to 2010 was a group president with responsibility for many of Caterpillar’s core businesses. Over the course of his career at Caterpillar he has lived in North America, South America and Asia, and has traveled extensively throughout the world. » Read Oberhelman's Full Biography,  » View Organization Chart, 
R. B. (Rob) Charter,  Raymond Chan Gregory S. Folley Philip Kelliher Nigel Lewis George H. Taylor
Raymond Chan,  Gregory S. Folley,  Philip Kelliher,  Nigel Lewis,  George H. Taylor, 
Bradley M. Halverson,  Kent M. Adams Michael DeWalt Kimberly S. Hauer Julie Lagacy
Kent M. Adams,  Michael DeWalt,  Kimberly S. Hauer,  Julie Lagacy, 
Tom Pellette,  Ken Hoefling Qihua Chen Bob De Lange Paolo Fellin K.A. (Karl) Weiss
Ken Hoefling,  Qihua Chen,  Bob De Lange,  Paolo Fellin,  K.A. (Karl) Weiss, 
Denise Johnson,  Thomas Bluth Gwenne Henricks Douglas Hoerr Jean Savage
Thomas Bluth,  Gwenne Henricks,  Douglas Hoerr,  Jean Savage, 
D. James (Jim) Umpleby,  William P. Ainsworth Tom Frake Pablo M. Koziner Steven W. Niehaus Tana L. Utley Ramin Younessi
William P. Ainsworth,  Tom Frake,  Pablo M. Koziner,  Steven W. Niehaus,  Tana L. Utley,  Ramin Younessi, 
James B. Buda,   - Executive Vice President,  Kathryn Dickey Karol, 
David P. Bozeman,  - Senior Vice President,  Frank J. Crespo, 
R. B. (Rob) Charter is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Customer & Dealer Support, which includes Asia Pacific, CIS, Africa & Middle East and Americas & Europe distribution divisions, Global Aftermarket Solutions, Wear Components & Aftermarket Distribution, Marketing and Digital and the Sustainable Solutions Division. Learn More, 
Brad Halverson is a group president and CFO of Caterpillar Inc. Halverson has responsibility for the Finance Services Division, Human Services Division, Global Information Services, Financial Products Division, Strategic Services Division, as well as Corporate Auditing. Learn More, 
Thomas Pellette is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Construction Industries, which includes the Earthmoving, Excavation, Building Construction Products, China Operations, and the Global Construction & Infrastructure Divisions. Learn More, 
Denise Johnson is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. She has administrative responsibility for Resources Industries, which includes four divisions -- Advanced Components & Systems, Surface Mining & Technology, Material Handling & Underground and Product Development & Global Technology Divisions.   Learn More, 
D. James (Jim) Umpleby is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Ill. He is responsible for Caterpillar's Energy & Transportation Group, which includes the following divisions: Marine & Petroleum Power, Progress Rail Services, Electric Power, Solar Turbines, Industrial Power Systems and Large Power Systems. Learn More, 
Executive Vice President, Law and Public Policy of Caterpillar Inc. Learn More, 
Senior Vice President with responsibility for the Caterpillar Enterprise System Group. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and president of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and President and CEO of Progress Rail Services and its subsidiaries. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Surface Mining & Technology Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Asia Pacific, CIS, Africa & Middle East Distribution Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the China Operations Division. Learn More, 
Vice President and chief procurement officer of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Supply Network Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Excavation Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Finance Services Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Global Construction & Infrastructure. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Industry Solutions, Components & Distribution Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Marine and Petroleum Power Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Human Services Division and chief human resources officer. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Product Development & Global Technology Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibilities for the Building Construction Products Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Material Handling & Underground Division (MH&U). Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Government and Corporate Affairs Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Americas & Europe Distribution Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar, Inc. and President of Solar Turbines Incorporated, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc., based in San Diego, California. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Information Services (GIS) Division and Chief Information Officer. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Aftermarket Solutions Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Electric Power Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Advanced Components and Systems Division Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Marketing and Digital Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Large Power Systems Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. responsible for the Earthmoving Division. Learn More, 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Industrial Power Systems Division. Learn More, 
	1Jananne A. Copeland	,  - 	2Chief Accounting Officer	
	1Jill E. Daugherty	,  - 	2Corporate Controller	
	1Richard D. Moore	,  - 	2Treasurer	
	1Kim R. Doe	,  - 	2Chief Audit Officer	
	1Lance W. High	,  - 	2Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer	
	1Christopher M. Reitz	,  - 	2Corporate Secretary	
	1Sally A. Stiles	,  - 	2Assistant Treasurer	
	1Patrick G. Holcombe	,  - 	2Assistant Secretary	
	1Joni J. Funk	,  - 	2Assistant Secretary	
http://www.caterpillar.com/en/company/governance/officers.html
