
General Information, 
O'Reilly's Executive Leadership is committed to directing O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. in achieving dominance in all of its market areas through conscientious adherence to the highest standard of business practices, with the focus of maximizing shareholder value. David O'Reilly Chairman of the Board David O'Reilly, Chairman of the Board, has been with the company full time since 1972, after working summers and part time for several years prior. David has worked in almost all capacities within the company. His years of experience and expertise in the company's operations and strategic business development started when he was Vice President from 1975 to 1993. From there he was President from 1993 to 1999, Chief Executive Officer from 1993 to 2005, and Co-Chairman of the Board from 1999 to 2005. He has served as Chairman of the Board since February 2005. Greg Henslee President & CEO Greg Henslee, President and Chief Executive Officer, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1984. Greg's O'Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist in a store and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, District Manager, Computer Operations Manager, Director of Computer Operations and Loss Prevention, Vice President of Store Operations, Senior Vice President, President of Merchandise, Distribution, Information Systems and Loss Prevention, and Chief Executive Officer and Co-President. Greg has held the position of Chief Executive Officer since 2005 and the position of President and CEO since 2013. Tom McFall Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom McFall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2006. Tom's primary areas of responsibility are Finance, Accounting, Information Systems, Risk Management, and Legal. Tom's career began with Ernst & Young LLP in Detroit, Michigan, where he achieved the position of Audit Manager, before accepting a position with Murray's Discount Auto Stores. Tom served Murray's for eight years as Controller, Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer, with direct responsibility for Finance, Accounting, Distribution and Logistics Operations, and after Murray's was acquired by CSK Auto Corporation, he held the position of Chief Financial Officer - Midwest Operation for CSK. Tom joined O'Reilly as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He has held the position of Chief Financial Officer since 2006 and Executive Vice President since 2007. Greg Johnson Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Greg Johnson, Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2001 when the company purchased Mid-State Automotive. Greg's career in the automotive industry began in 1982. Greg's primary areas of responsibility are Distribution Operations, Logistics, Purchasing, Inventory Management, Merchandise, Pricing, and Advertising. Greg's career began as a part-time distribution center team member and progressed through the roles of Retail Systems Manager, Warehouse Management Systems Development Manager, Director of Distribution, Vice President of Distribution Operations, and Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations. Greg has held the position of Executive Vice President of Supply Chain since 2014. Jeff Shaw Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales Jeff Shaw, Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1990. Jeff's primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations, Sales, Real Estate, Human Resources, Training, Jobber Sales, and Acquisitions. Jeff's O'Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Vice President of the Southern Division, Vice President of Sales and Operations, and Senior Vice President of Sales and Operations. Jeff has held the position of Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales since 2013. Tony Bartholomew Senior Vice President of Professional Sales Tony Bartholomew, Senior Vice President of Professional Sales, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1982. Tony's primary area of responsibility is Professional Sales. Tony's O'Reilly career began as a Delivery Specialist and progressed through the roles of Parts Specialist, Assistant Manager, Night Manager, Merchandising Set Up Crew Supervisor, Equipment Sales Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Director of Southern Division Sales, and Vice President of Professional Sales. Tony has held the position of Senior Vice President of Professional Sales since 2013. Brad Beckham Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales Brad Beckham, Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1996. Brad's primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O'Reilly's Central Operations. Brad's O'Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, and Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales. Brad has held the position of Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales since 2014. Keith Childers Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales Keith Childers, Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2000 when the company purchased KarPro. Keith's primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O'Reilly's Western Operations. Keith's career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Vice President of CSK Store Operations Integration, and Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales. Keith has held the position of Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales since 2014. Robert Dumas Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales Robert Dumas, Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2001 when the company purchased Mid-State. Robert's primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O'Reilly's Eastern Operations. Robert's career started as a parts specialist and progressed to assistant store manager, installer service specialist, night manager, associate manager, store manager, district manager, regional manager, and divisional vice president. Robert has held the position of Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales since 2016. Larry Ellis Senior Vice President of Distribution Larry Ellis, Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2008 when the company purchased CSK Auto Corporation. Larry began his career on the shipping docks with Fleenor's Auto in Indiana. At O'Reilly, Larry's primary areas of responsibility are Distribution Operations and Logistics. Larry's career began as a distribution center team member and progressed through the roles of Distribution Center Supervisor, Distribution Center Manager, Director of Distribution Operations, Vice President of Logistics, Senior Vice President of Distribution and Logistics with CSK, Vice President of Western Division Distribution Operations, and Vice President of Distribution Operations with O'Reilly. Larry has held the position of Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations since 2014. Jeffrey Groves Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel Jeffrey Groves, Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2005. Jeffrey's primary areas of responsibility are Corporate Governance, Regulatory Matters, Internal Audit, Uninsured Litigation, Labor and Employment, and Real Estate and Intellectual Property. Jeffrey's O'Reilly career began as Director of Legal and Claim Services and progressed through the roles of Director of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel, and Vice President of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel. Prior to joining O'Reilly, Jeffrey worked in a private civil defense trial practice. Jeffrey has held the position of Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel since 2016. Randy Johnson Senior Vice President of Inventory Management Randy Johnson, Senior Vice President of Inventory Management has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1973. Randy's primary areas of responsibility are Inventory Management, Purchasing, Logistics, and Store Design. Randy's O'Reilly career began as a distribution center team member and progressed through the roles of Customer Service Manager, Inventory Control Manager, Director of Store Inventory Management, and Vice President of Store Inventory Management. Randy has held the position of Senior Vice President of Inventory Management since 2010. Scott Kraus Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion Scott Kraus, Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 1999. Scott's primary areas of responsibility are Real Estate Expansion and Acquisitions. Scott's O'Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, and Vice President of Real Estate. Scott has held the position of Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion since 2016. Jeff Lauro Senior Vice President of Information Systems Jeff Lauro, Senior Vice President of Information Systems, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2015 and has held his position as Senior Vice President of Information Systems since that time. Jeff's primary area of responsibility is Information Systems. Prior to joining O'Reilly, Jeff held the position of Chief Information Officer for Payless ShoeSource, with direct responsibility for Solution Delivery, Infrastructure and Operations, and Enterprise Architecture. Prior to joining Payless, Jeff was the Vice President, Global Information Technology Service Delivery Director for The TJX Companies, Inc., with direct responsibility for Global Information Technology Service Management, Operations, Implementation and Disaster Recovery. David Wilbanks Senior Vice President of Merchandise David Wilbanks, Senior Vice President of Merchandise, has been an O'Reilly Team Member since 2012. David's primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise and Pricing. David has been in the auto parts industry since 1989. Prior to O'Reilly, David worked at AutoZone for 13 years in a variety of Merchandise roles, most recently as Director of Merchandise. He began his O'Reilly career as Vice President of Merchandise for hard parts. David has held the position of Senior Vice President of Merchandise since 2016., 
https://corporate.oreillyauto.com/corporate/BoardMembers.do?subid=22206&linkTitle=Leadership