
Michael I. Roth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Frank Mergenthaler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Philippe Krakowsky Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, 
Andrew Bonzani Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Christopher Carroll Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, 
Julie M. Connors Senior Vice President, Audit and Chief Risk Officer, 
Ellen T. Johnson Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, 
Anthony G. Alexandrou Senior Vice President of Global Taxation, 
Simon Bond Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer, 
Heide Gardner Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer, 
John Halper Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer, 
Richard J. Haray Senior Vice President, Corporate Services, 
Joe Kelly Senior Vice President, Talent, 
Peter Leinroth Senior Vice President, Managing Director, 
Jerome J. Leshne Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, 
Terry Peigh Senior Vice President, Managing Director, 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael I. Roth Michael I. Roth is Chairman and CEO of Interpublic (NYSE: IPG), one of the world's largest organizations of advertising and marketing services companies.  Prior to serving in his current role, Roth was a member of the company’s Board of Directors., Since assuming leadership of Interpublic in 2005, Roth has righted the company’s financial course and moved to make it an industry leader by defining new models that provide value to clients in a rapidly-changing media and marketing environment., Prior to his current role, Roth was Chairman and CEO of The MONY Group Inc., a financial services holding company that provides a wide range of protection, asset accumulation and retail brokerage products and services through its member companies. Under Roth's leadership, The MONY Group diversified its business mix, broadened its distribution channels and enhanced its ability to compete in today's financial services marketplace., Roth is a member of the Board of Directors for Pitney Bowes Inc., the Ad Council and Ryman Hospitality Properties.  He sits on the Leadership Committee of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; the Board of Directors of the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy and The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA). In addition, he is a Director of The Baruch College Fund and The Partnership for New York City. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable., A certified public accountant, Roth holds an L.L.M. degree from New York University Law School and a J.D. from Boston University Law School. He is a 1967 graduate of the City College of New York.
exchange4media exchange4media Interviews Michael Roth at Cannes 2016 July 14, 2016, 
Barron's Michael Roth Talks to Barron's About IPG's Recent Successes and Marketplace Strategies March 26, 2016, 
4A's 4A's President/CEO, Nancy Hill, Interviews Michael Roth at the 4A's Data Summit 2016 March 04, 2016, 
M&M Global Michael Roth in Cannes: "It's important to stay ahead of the curve." July 08, 2015, 
The Wall Street Journal: CMO Today Michael Roth in Cannes: "Creativity is Still Our Industry's 'Secret Sauce'" June 25, 2015, 
Michael Roth Moderates Dialogue with Verizon's Diego Scotti at the The Paley Center April 24, 2015, 
Fox Business Opening Bell Roth Discusses IPG and Industry News with Maria Bartiromo February 13, 2015, 
CNBC Squawk Box Michael Roth on the State of Advertising December 03, 2014, 
CNBC Mad Money Michael Roth Speaks with CNBC's Jim Cramer about IPG's Second Quarter Earnings July 22, 2014, 
Barron's CEO Spotlight: Michael Roth June 14, 2014, 
Mediapost Roth: Mobile Key To Agency Growth March 20, 2012, 
Barron's Like the Jingles? You'll Love the Stock June 25, 2011, 
https://www.interpublic.com/about/our-leadership