
Our Leadership Omnicom is led by a stable management team with world-class experience and skills in marketing, finance and corporate management. The company’s creative culture, profitability and financial discipline have been maintained throughout an era of extraordinary change in marketing and communications. Our leaders collaborate to drive Omnicom's business forward through a relentless drive for talent development, client service, innovation and operational excellence.,  Bruce Crawford Chairman Mr. Crawford is Chairman of the Board of Omnicom, a position he has held since 1995. From 1989 to 1995, he served as Omnicom's President and Chief Executive Officer and, from 1995 to 1997, he served as Omnicom's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Crawford began his career in advertising in 1956 and, in 1963, he joined BBDO. He held a variety of high-level positions at BBDO, including that of President and Chief Executive Officer, a position he held from 1977 until 1985. Mr. Crawford is an Honorary Director of The Metropolitan Opera and Chairman Emeritus of Lincoln Center. He is also a Director of the Animal Medical Center. John D. Wren President and Chief Executive Officer John Wren is the President and CEO of Omnicom Group, a Fortune 500 company and premier global provider of marketing communications services. He was named CEO in 1997 and elected President in 1996. Under his leadership, Omnicom has achieved status as a world-class company with one of the best corporate and divisional management in the advertising industry. Omnicom manages a portfolio of global marketing leaders, consistently recognized as being among the world’s best creative, including BBDO, DDB, FleishmanHillard, Interbrand, Ketchum, OMD, PHD, Porter Novelli, Rapp, and TBWA.  Omnicom companies work with more than 5,000 global, national and local clients all over the world, providing brand advertising, media planning and buying, digital and promotional marketing, CRM, public relations and other specialty communications services. Omnicom has been named a “Most Admired Company” by Fortune, consistently appears among the top 250 performers of the Fortune 500, and was ranked Number One in its peer group by The Wall Street Journal. Mr. Wren has also been recognized as one of the Best-Performing CEOs in the World by Harvard Business Review, Best CEO by Institutional Investor and as Executive of the Year by Advertising Age. Mr. Wren was part of the team that created Omnicom Group in 1986, two years after entering the advertising business as an Executive Vice President with Needham Harper Worldwide. He was appointed CEO of the Diversified Agency Services (DAS) division of Omnicom in 1990, and was responsible for developing this division into the holding company’s fastest growing and largest operating group, comprised of innovative companies in a wide array of communication disciplines ranging from public relations to branding. As CEO of DAS and then Omnicom, Mr. Wren has championed the company’s investment in the recruitment and development of top talent through several key programs, including Omnicom University, the industry standard for senior management training in professional service firms. In addition, the American Advertising Federation (AAF) honored him as a pioneer and supporter of Diversity.  Mr. Wren is a member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum and is active in a number of philanthropic endeavors. A member of the Board of Directors of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, and a Trustee of the Arthur Ashe Foundation, Mr. Wren also supports healthcare education for disadvantaged communities and has been recognized for his contributions to the community with numerous accolades, among them the Gold Medal Award from the Catholic Youth Organization and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. Philip J. Angelastro Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer In September of 2014, Phil was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group. Previously, Phil served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller.  In that role, he oversaw financial and accounting matters throughout the organization and played a key role in the company’s ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its financial operations. His responsibilities also included financial systems, income tax planning and cash flow management. Mr. Angelastro began his career at Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he became a partner in the firm in 1996. In 1997, he joined the DAS network of Omnicom as Vice President of Finance and then later CFO for the Americas. In 1999, Phil was appointed the Controller of Omnicom, where he began our process of continuous improvement. Subsequently promoted to Senior Vice President of Finance in January 2002, Phil took on additional responsibilities for income tax planning and compliance and corporate human resources, including initiatives for establishing a common domestic HR platform in the areas of payroll, defined contribution plans, HR information systems, and health and welfare benefit plans. Throughout his tenure at Omnicom, he has been deeply immersed in the company’s strategy and operations. Andrew Castellaneta Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Andrew joined the Omnicom Group as Assistant Controller in January 2000. He is a key member of the Omnicom Finance Team and was instrumental in bringing financial management best practices to the Company. In his present role as Chief Accounting Officer Andrew is responsible for Omnicom’s global financial reporting function, providing transactional accounting and financial analysis support to Omnicom’s business units, establishing world-wide accounting policy and managing the Company’s regulatory accounting compliance requirements.  Prior to joining Omnicom, Andrew spent 10 years in various senior financial management roles  at the corporate headquarters of The Walt Disney Company and IBM and prior to that he was a senior manager at the public accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers). He holds an MBA from the University of Connecticut and is a CPA in New York State.  Serge Dumont Vice Chairman, Chairman Asia Pacific A widely recognized authority on strategic communications, international relations and business strategy, Mr Dumont joined Omnicom Group in 2006 and assumed his current responsibilities in May 2011. Mr Dumont established China’s first joint-venture government affairs and strategic communications consultancy in 1985. It quickly acquired a roster of Fortune 500 clients and became China’s market leader. Eight years later Mr Dumont sold the business to Edelman. Currently, he sits on a number of boards, including the Corporate Advisory Board of the China European International Business School (CEIBS), the board of trustees of the China Youth Development Foundation (CYDF), one of the leading charitable organizations in China, and the Advisory Boards of the Tsinghua University School of Journalism and Communications. Mr Dumont is an active participant in the activities of the World Economic Forum. Dennis E. Hewitt Treasurer Dennis E. Hewitt is the Treasurer of Omnicom Group, and the President and Chief Executive Officer of its wholly owned subsidiary Omnicom Capital Inc.  In his corporate position he’s responsible for corporate finance, investment management, property and casualty insurance, pension plans, equipment and automotive leasing, capital budgeting, foreign exchange and interest rate risk management. As President & CEO of Omnicom Capital Inc., he’s responsible for global cash and working capital management, employing regional treasury centers in the U.S., Canada, Latin America, EMEA, Asia and mainland China His teams are located in Greenwich CT, London and Dublin. Prior to joining Omnicom in 1988, he served as Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Young and Rubicam Inc., when it was a privately held company.  He began his career in the NASA space program working at Rockwell Inc., on the Apollo and Saturn programs. He held Financial Executive positions with Arcata National Corp. (a natural resource and printing company) and Ralphs Grocery Company (now a division of Kroger Inc.)     Asit Mehra Executive Vice President Asit is responsible for growing some of Omnicom’s key client relationships. He is tasked with developing and delivering bespoke “Screen to Shelf” solutions for clients that leverage the scale and creativity of Omnicom’s individual agencies, creating new, more effective ways of engaging with large global clients and ultimately their consumers. Asit has been with Omnicom for almost nine years, before which he spent 18 years at the Interpublic Group, where he held a variety of roles, ranging from running large multinational businesses, regions and offices. Asit is a true citizen of the world, having grown up and worked on both sides of the Atlantic and Asia. Jonathan Nelson CEO, Omnicom Digital Jonathan Nelson co-founded Organic, the very first digital agency, in 1993, and served as Organic's CEO for seven years. Currently, Jonathan is CEO of Omnicom Digital where he oversees strategy for Omnicom’s digital assets globally. Described as a “serial entrepreneur,” Jonathan has played a critical role in founding and building a number of companies. In 1999, Jonathan took two companies public: Accrue Software, Inc., a web measurement and analysis company that he founded in 1995, and Organic. Later, he guided Organic through its subsequent re-privatization. Jonathan is widely recognized as an industry thought leader, appearing in print in The New York Times, USA Today, Forbes, Newsweek, and Adweek and on television on CNN, CNBC, and MSNBC. His numerous accolades include being named one of the top 100 young innovators of the century by MIT's Technology Review in 1999, and one of the top entrepreneurs of 1997 by Red Herring Magazine. He was inducted to Advertising Age's Hall of Fame in 2001 for his "indelible imprint" on the Internet industry. Jonathan sits on numerous boards in the media and finance industries. A passionate musician, he is the co-owner of two San Francisco venues and co-produces San Francisco's Hardly Strictly Bluegrass annually in Golden Gate Park.   Michael J. O'Brien Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Michael joined Omnicom Group as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in November 2003. As Omnicom’s global chief legal officer, Michael advises the Board of Directors and its Committees, leads the Company’s worldwide legal team, manages legal services provided to the Company, and monitors the Company’s compliance with all applicable regulations around the world.  Prior to Omnicom, Michael spent 15 years in private practice, representing private equity firms and their portfolio companies regarding acquisitions, financings, securities law compliance and corporate governance matters. Janet Riccio Executive Vice President, Dean of Omnicom University Over the course of her 25+ years in advertising, her collaborative business style has taken her to more than 30 countries on five continents on behalf of her clients and forged a deep understanding of what it takes to build relationships and brands. Her belief that a motivated, fulfilled workforce leads to a healthier more profitable more sustainable bottom line is why she has been chosen to head Omnicom University. Omnicom University is recognized as one of the preeminent executive education experiences and one of the major sources of “cultural glue” for the Omnicom network. In partnership with Harvard Business School faculty, OU has graduated over 3500+ Omnicom executives over the course of its 20 years in existence. To quote Janet, after her first season as Dean, “This program is not about developing leaders, the people who attend already are; it is about transforming leaders from more than good to great.” Most recently, Janet founded and is currently heading an in-house women’s network – Omniwomen. The mission of Omniwomen is to serve as a catalyst to increase the influence and number of women leaders throughout the Omnicom network. Since its formal U.S. launch in April 2014, Omniwomen has expanded to China and the U.K.  As passionate as Janet is about her roles at Omnicom, she is equally passionate about the role of women on management boards and in the philanthropic world. She served as a member of the Board of Directors of BlogHer, the world’s largest on-line community of women bloggers, and is currently on the Advisory Board of LearnVest. Janet is also a member of the Board of Directors of the New York Women's Foundation on which she serves on the Executive Committee and chairs the Communications Committee. She is a past member of the Board of Directors of Make a Wish Foundation of Metro New York where she chaired the Governance Committee and, in her final year, co-chaired the Advisory Board. Rita E. Rodriguez Executive Vice President Rita Rodriguez is currently Executive Vice President at Omnicom Group where she leads the multi-agency integration and innovation for PepsiCo. With more than twenty-five years of marketing experience, Rita has a proven track record of transforming major brands and building businesses. Having worked on both sides of the business, agency and client, Rita has a unique mix of strategic expertise; brand building and collaboration skills that can help define and lead a course of action for clients and their brands Rita was previously CEO of Imagination, an experiential integrated communications company. Prior to Imagination, she was CEO of the US arm of WPP’s The Brand Union, a strategic branding and design firm, where she led the repositioning and rebranding of multiple businesses and served as a strategic advisor and partner for clients on brand and business issues. Before joining The Brand Union in 2004, Rita was Managing Director of Corporate Branding at Omnicom’s Interbrand. Rita began her career in Houston at AT&T, where over the course of her career she served as Director of Business and Consumer Marketing, International Marketing Director, Director of Product Marketing and Communications Services and General Manager of HomeTown Network (HTN), working in both the US and London. Peter Sherman Executive Vice President Peter’s role as Executive Vice President for Omnicom Group is to drive innovation and collaboration across the company's global client portfolio. In doing so, Peter works across Omnicom's three major advertising networks: BBDO, DDB and TBWA; along with the DAS Group of Companies and Omnicom Media Group, to ensure client centric solutions. Peter re-joined Omnicom from J. Walter Thompson where he served as CEO of the New York office before rising to CEO of JWT North America. Prior to joining JWT, Peter spent 17 years at Omnicom’s BBDO, most recently as EVP, Managing Director of BBDO Europe, where he led 35 offices in 18 countries across the region. While he was in Europe, those offices experienced consistent year on year growth, won multiple pan-European pitches, and BBDO was named the most creative network in Europe for the first time. Before moving to Europe, Peter was Managing Director of BBDO San Francisco for nearly five years, during which time the agency more than doubled in size. Prior to San Francisco, he worked at BBDO New York for eight years where he rose to EVP,  Senior Account Director on global accounts. Peter also worked at McCann Erickson New York, and the Chicago offices of FCB and Cramer-Krasselt. Peter Swiecicki Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller As Controller, Swiecicki plays a key leadership role in financial management and business process optimization for Omnicom. He oversees the company’s financial processes and systems, as well as the planning and forecasting function. Prior to joining Omnicom in 2013, Swiecicki spent over 30 years at Omnicom’s BBDO in various roles. He started his career at BBDO as Controller, BBDO Detroit, rising to CFO and COO of the agency. In 2010, he assumed the role of CFO of BBDO Germany and then moved to BBDO Worldwide in New York to shepherd several worldwide process efficiency initiatives. Tiffany R. Warren Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer As Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity Officer for Omnicom Group, Tiffany leads the strategy that enhances the Omnicom vision to be a world class, benchmark company for sustainable diversity and inclusion and aligning this critical practice with the company’s business objectives and clients’ results. She oversees a team focused on Omnicom-wide change efforts for the advancement and retention of top performing talent inclusive of women, people of color and LGBT’s in an inclusive work culture.  Recognized as a leader in the field of diversity, Tiffany is a talent strategist with 20+ years of championing diverse professionals in the advertising industry. In 2005, she founded ADCOLOR, which has launched the ADCOLOR Industry Conference, ADCOLOR Awards and ADCOLOR University. As President of ADCOLOR, she is deeply involved in the direction the industry is taking around diversity. In addition to her roles with Omnicom and ADCOLOR, Tiffany serves on the boards for several organizations such as GLAAD, The AAF, and The Ghetto Film School. She is also a member of the 4A's Diversity Committee and chairs the AAF Mosaic Center Executive Council, through which she helps prepare diverse talent to soar in careers with longevity and purpose. Tiffany was honored as an Advertising Age Woman to Watch, AAF District 2 "Role Model" Diversity Achievement Award, AAF Hall of Achievement Inductee and The Jack Avrett Volunteer Award Recipient (the youngest in the awards history), Black Enterprise Top Executives in Diversity, AAF Pioneer in Diversity Award (Omnicom Group), 4A's MAIP Gladiator Award and the National Association Black Journalists' Patricia L. Tobin Media Professional Award Recipient.
Mr. Angelastro began his career at Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers),  where he became a partner in the firm in 1996. In 1997, he joined the DAS network of Omnicom as Vice President of Finance and then later CFO for the Americas. In 1999, Phil was appointed the Controller of Omnicom, where he began our process of continuous improvement. Subsequently promoted to Senior Vice President of Finance in January 2002, Phil took on additional responsibilities for income tax planning and compliance and corporate human resources, including initiatives for establishing a common domestic HR platform in the areas of payroll, defined contribution plans, HR information systems, and health and welfare benefit plans. Throughout his tenure at Omnicom, he has been deeply immersed in the company’s strategy and operations.
Over the course of her 25+ years in advertising, her collaborative business style has taken her to more than 30 countries on five continents on behalf of her clients and forged a deep understanding of what it takes to build relationships and brands. Her belief that a motivated, fulfilled workforce leads to a healthier more profitable more sustainable bottom line is why she has been chosen to head Omnicom University.,  Omnicom University is recognized as one of the preeminent executive education experiences and one of the major sources of “cultural glue” for the Omnicom network. In partnership with Harvard Business School faculty, OU has graduated over 3500+ Omnicom executives over the course of its 20 years in existence. To quote Janet, after her first season as Dean, “This program is not about developing leaders, the people who attend already are; it is about transforming leaders from more than good to great.” Most recently, Janet founded and is currently heading an in-house women’s network – Omniwomen. The mission of Omniwomen is to serve as a catalyst to increase the influence and number of women leaders throughout the Omnicom network. Since its formal U.S. launch in April 2014, Omniwomen has expanded to China and the U.K.  As passionate as Janet is about her roles at Omnicom, she is equally passionate about the role of women on management boards and in the philanthropic world. She served as a member of the Board of Directors of BlogHer, the world’s largest on-line community of women bloggers, and is currently on the Advisory Board of LearnVest. Janet is also a member of the Board of Directors of the New York Women's Foundation on which she serves on the Executive Committee and chairs the Communications Committee. She is a past member of the Board of Directors of Make a Wish Foundation of Metro New York where she chaired the Governance Committee and, in her final year, co-chaired the Advisory Board.
Rita Rodriguez is currently Executive Vice President at Omnicom Group where she leads the multi-agency integration and innovation for PepsiCo.,  With more than twenty-five years of marketing experience, Rita has a proven track record of transforming major brands and building businesses. Having worked on both sides of the business, agency and client, Rita has a unique mix of strategic expertise; brand building and collaboration skills that can help define and lead a course of action for clients and their brands Rita was previously CEO of Imagination, an experiential integrated communications company. Prior to Imagination, she was CEO of the US arm of WPP’s The Brand Union, a strategic branding and design firm, where she led the repositioning and rebranding of multiple businesses and served as a strategic advisor and partner for clients on brand and business issues. Before joining The Brand Union in 2004, Rita was Managing Director of Corporate Branding at Omnicom’s Interbrand. Rita began her career in Houston at AT&T, where over the course of her career she served as Director of Business and Consumer Marketing, International Marketing Director, Director of Product Marketing and Communications Services and General Manager of HomeTown Network (HTN), working in both the US and London.
As Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity Officer for Omnicom Group, Tiffany leads the strategy that enhances the Omnicom vision to be a world class, benchmark company for sustainable diversity and inclusion and aligning this critical practice with the company’s business objectives and clients’ results. She oversees a team focused on Omnicom-wide change efforts for the advancement and retention of top performing talent inclusive of women, people of color and LGBT’s in an inclusive work culture. ,  Recognized as a leader in the field of diversity, Tiffany is a talent strategist with 20+ years of championing diverse professionals in the advertising industry. In 2005, she founded ADCOLOR, which has launched the ADCOLOR Industry Conference, ADCOLOR Awards and ADCOLOR University. As President of ADCOLOR, she is deeply involved in the direction the industry is taking around diversity. In addition to her roles with Omnicom and ADCOLOR, Tiffany serves on the boards for several organizations such as GLAAD, The AAF, and The Ghetto Film School. She is also a member of the 4A's Diversity Committee and chairs the AAF Mosaic Center Executive Council, through which she helps prepare diverse talent to soar in careers with longevity and purpose. Tiffany was honored as an Advertising Age Woman to Watch, AAF District 2 "Role Model" Diversity Achievement Award, AAF Hall of Achievement Inductee and The Jack Avrett Volunteer Award Recipient (the youngest in the awards history), Black Enterprise Top Executives in Diversity, AAF Pioneer in Diversity Award (Omnicom Group), 4A's MAIP Gladiator Award and the National Association Black Journalists' Patricia L. Tobin Media Professional Award Recipient.
www.omnicomgroup.com/aboutomnicomgroup/management