
Investor Home,  News Releases All Releases Financial Releases Quarterly Results & Financial Info. Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings Charter Operating Financials Events & Webcasts Events Stock Information Stock Quote Stock Chart Historical Price Lookup Analyst Coverage Tax Forms Corporate Governance Company Leadership Board of Directors Board Committee Structure Committee Charters Governance Guidelines Resources & Contacts Contact Charter E-mail Alerts Bond Trustees Transfer Agent Information Request Charter-Time Warner Cable & Charter-Bright House Transactions
Quarterly Results & Financial Info.,  Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings Charter Operating Financials
Quarterly Results,  Annual Reports,  SEC Filings,  Charter Operating Financials, 
Stock Information,  Stock Quote Stock Chart Historical Price Lookup Analyst Coverage Tax Forms
Stock Quote,  Stock Chart,  Historical Price Lookup,  Analyst Coverage,  Tax Forms, 
Resources & Contacts,  Contact Charter E-mail Alerts Bond Trustees Transfer Agent Information Request Charter-Time Warner Cable & Charter-Bright House Transactions
Contact Charter,  E-mail Alerts,  Bond Trustees,  Transfer Agent,  Information Request, 
Resources & Contacts Contact Charter E-mail Alerts Bond Trustees Transfer Agent Information Request Charter-Time Warner Cable & Charter-Bright House Transactions, 
	1Thomas M. Rutledge	,  	2Chairman	and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Thomas M. Rutledge,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  Thomas M. Rutledge was appointed as a 	2director	 and 	2President	and Chief Executive Officer of Charter effective on February 13, 2012 and as 	2Chairman of the Board	on May 18, 2016 upon the closing of the transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Rutledge served as Chief Operating Officer	of Cablevision from April 2004 until December 2011. A 34-year cable industry veteran, Mr. Rutledge previously served as president of Time Warner ... 
	1Thomas M. Rutledge	,  	2Chairman	and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Thomas M. Rutledge was appointed as a director and 	2President	and Chief Executive Officer of Charter effective on February 13, 2012 and as 	2Chairman of the Board	on May 18, 2016 upon the closing of the transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Rutledge served as Chief Operating Officer	of Cablevision from April 2004 until December 2011. A 34-year cable industry veteran, Mr. Rutledge previously served as president of Time Warner ... , 
	1John Bickham	,  	2President	and 	2Chief Operating Officer	,  John Bickham,  President and Chief Operating Officer,  John Bickham joined Charter as Chief Operating Officer	on April 30, 2012. A 26-year veteran of the cable industry, Mr. Bickham previously served as President of Cable and Communications for Cablevision. Prior to joining Cablevision in 2004, Mr. Bickham was 	2Executive Vice President	for Time Warner Cable with corporate responsibility for a number of large markets. In 1986, Mr. Bickham was a founding executive of KBLCOM, a cable company that partnered with American Television... 
John Bickham,  President and Chief Operating Officer,  John Bickham joined Charter as Chief Operating Officer on April 30, 2012. A 26-year veteran of the cable industry, Mr. Bickham previously served as President of Cable and Communications for Cablevision. Prior to joining Cablevision in 2004, Mr. Bickham was Executive Vice President for Time Warner Cable with corporate responsibility for a number of large markets. In 1986, Mr. Bickham was a founding executive of KBLCOM, a cable company that partnered with American Television... , 
	1David G. Ellen	,  	2Senior Executive Vice President	  David G. Ellen,  Senior Executive 	2Vice President	 
David G. Ellen,  Senior Executive Vice President, 
	1Tom Adams	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Field Operations	,  Tom Adams,  Executive 	2Vice President	 Field Operations,  Tom Adams joined Charter as Executive Vice 	2President	 Field Operations, , on October 1, 2012. Before joining Charter, Mr. Adams served as Regional Vice President of Operations for Wisconsin at Time Warner Cable from 2009 to 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Adams served as Regional Vice President of Operations for Eastern Carolina from 2007 to 2009 and Division President for Raleigh, North Carolina from 2002 to 2007 at Time Warner Cable. ... 
Tom Adams,  Executive Vice President, Field Operations,  Tom Adams joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Field Operations, , on October 1, 2012. Before joining Charter, Mr. Adams served as Regional Vice President of Operations for Wisconsin at Time Warner Cable from 2009 to 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Adams served as Regional Vice President of Operations for Eastern Carolina from 2007 to 2009 and Division President for Raleigh, North Carolina from 2002 to 2007 at Time Warner Cable. ... 
	1James Blackley	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Engineering and Information Technology	,  James Blackley,  Executive Vice President	 Engineering and Information Technology,  James Blackley joined Charter as Executive Vice President Engineering and Information Technology,  on October 15, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Blackley served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Engineering and Technology for Cablevision where he was employed from 1996 to 2012. Prior to Cablevision, Mr. Blackley designed software and systems with evolving development and technology with Royal Insurance, Depository Trust Company, Long Island Lighting Company, Con E... 
James Blackley,  Executive Vice President, Engineering and Information Technology,  James Blackley joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Engineering and Information Technology,  on October 15, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Blackley served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Engineering and Technology for Cablevision where he was employed from 1996 to 2012. Prior to Cablevision, Mr. Blackley designed software and systems with evolving development and technology with Royal Insurance, Depository Trust Company, Long Island Lighting Company, Con E... 
	1Catherine Bohigian	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Government Affairs	,  Catherine Bohigian,  Executive Vice President Government Affairs,  Catherine Bohigian joined Charter as Executive Vice President Government Affairs,  on July 8, 2013.  Prior to joining Charter, Ms. Bohigian served as Senior Vice President, Federal Affairs for Cablevision, where she was employed from September 2008 through June 2013. Prior to Cablevision from September 2001 to September 2008, Ms. Bohigian worked for the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) in various capacities, including Senior Advisor to then-Ch... 
Catherine Bohigian,  Executive Vice President, Government Affairs,  Catherine Bohigian joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Government Affairs,  on July 8, 2013.  Prior to joining Charter, Ms. Bohigian served as Senior Vice President, Federal Affairs for Cablevision, where she was employed from September 2008 through June 2013. Prior to Cablevision from September 2001 to September 2008, Ms. Bohigian worked for the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) in various capacities, including Senior Advisor to then-Ch... 
	1Philip G. Meeks	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	2President	of 	3Spectrum Business Enterprise	,  Philip G. Meeks,  Executive  Vice President  President of Spectrum Business Enterprise,  Philip G. Meeks is Executive Vice President and President of Spectrum Business Enterprise at Charter Communications. In his role, Mr. Meeks oversees all commercial operations, marketing and strategy and sales for Spectrum Business Enterprise, which provides enterprise-grade Internet, networking, voice, commercial video and managed services to Charter’s largest customers.   He previously served as Executive Vice President and 	2Chief Operating Officer	for Business Services at T... 
Philip G. Meeks,  Executive Vice President, President of Spectrum Business Enterprise,  Philip G. Meeks is Executive Vice President and President of Spectrum Business Enterprise at Charter Communications. In his role, Mr. Meeks oversees all commercial operations, marketing and strategy and sales for Spectrum Business Enterprise, which provides enterprise-grade Internet, networking, voice, commercial video and managed services to Charter’s largest customers.   He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Business Services at T... , 
	1Richard  J. DiGeronimo	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Product and Strategy	,  Richard  J. DiGeronimo,  Executive Vice President Product and Strategy,  Mr. DiGeronimo was appointed to his current position in January 2015 having previously been a Senior Vice President Product and Strategy since March 2011 and a Vice President of Product Management from 2008 to 2011. Mr. DiGeronimo received a B.B.A. from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.... 
Richard  J. DiGeronimo,  Executive Vice President, Product and Strategy,  Mr. DiGeronimo was appointed to his current position in January 2015 having previously been a Senior Vice President, Product and Strategy since March 2011 and a Vice President of Product Management from 2008 to 2011. Mr. DiGeronimo received a B.B.A. from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.... , 
	1Richard R. Dykhouse	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	2General Counsel	 and Corporate 	2Secretary	,  Richard R. Dykhouse,  Executive Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary,  Richard R. Dykhouse was promoted to his current position in February 2013, having previously been Senior Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Charter since 2011. He joined Charter in 2006, serving as Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, and became Corporate Secretary in 2009. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Dykhouse was Senior Counsel and Assistant Secretary	for CNH Global, N.V., from 2004 to 2006. From 1994 to 2003, he was an attorney... 
Richard R. Dykhouse,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary,  Richard R. Dykhouse was promoted to his current position in February 2013, having previously been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Charter since 2011. He joined Charter in 2006, serving as Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, and became Corporate Secretary in 2009. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Dykhouse was Senior Counsel and Assistant Secretary for CNH Global, N.V., from 2004 to 2006. From 1994 to 2003, he was an attorney... , 
	1Jonathan Hargis	,  	2Executive Vice President	and 	2Chief Marketing Officer	,  Jonathan Hargis,  	2Executive Vice President	and 	2Chief Marketing Officer	,  Jonathan Hargis joined Charter as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer  on April 9, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Hargis was with Cablevision from December 2000 through March 2012, most recently serving as Executive Vice President, Marketing.  Prior to Cablevision, Mr. Hargis served in various leadership roles at AT&T. Mr. Hargis has previously served on the board of the Cable & Telecommunications Association for Marketing (CTAM) from Apri... 
Jonathan Hargis,  Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer,  Jonathan Hargis joined Charter as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer,  on April 9, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Hargis was with Cablevision from December 2000 through March 2012, most recently serving as Executive Vice President, Marketing.  Prior to Cablevision, Mr. Hargis served in various leadership roles at AT&T. Mr. Hargis has previously served on the board of the Cable & Telecommunications Association for Marketing (CTAM) from Apri... 
	1David  Kline	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	2President	of 	3Media Sales	,  David  Kline,  Executive Vice President President of Media Sales,  David Kline joined Charter in October 2015 as Executive Vice President, President of Media Sales, . Before joining Charter, Mr. Kline served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Visible World. Prior to that position he was Chief Operating Officer of Ensequence. Mr. Kline also served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Cablevision Media Sales for more than 15 years, overseeing the company’s advertising businesses. Mr. Kline holds a bachelor's degree from The Ohio State Universi... 
David  Kline,  Executive Vice President, President of Media Sales,  David Kline joined Charter in October 2015 as Executive Vice President, President of Media Sales, . Before joining Charter, Mr. Kline served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Visible World. Prior to that position he was Chief Operating Officer of Ensequence. Mr. Kline also served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Cablevision Media Sales for more than 15 years, overseeing the company’s advertising businesses. Mr. Kline holds a bachelor's degree from The Ohio State Universi... 
	1Paul  Marchand	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	2Chief Human Resources Officer	,  Paul  Marchand,  Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer  Paul Marchand is Charter’s Executive Vice President  Human Resources. Prior to joining Charter in October 2015, Mr. Marchand spent nearly 12 years with PepsiCo, most recently as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for the North America beverage’s field and supply chain organization. He previously served in human resources roles at Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan and the May Department Stores Company. Mr. Marchand holds a master's degree in organizational psychology from Columbia University and... 
Paul  Marchand,  Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer,  Paul Marchand is Charter’s Executive Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to joining Charter in October 2015, Mr. Marchand spent nearly 12 years with PepsiCo, most recently as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for the North America beverage’s field and supply chain organization. He previously served in human resources roles at Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan and the May Department Stores Company. Mr. Marchand holds a master's degree in organizational psychology from Columbia University and... , 
	1Kathleen  Mayo	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Customer Operations	,  Kathleen  Mayo,  	2Executive Vice President	 Customer Operations,  Kathleen Mayo joined Charter as Executive Vice 	2President	 Customer Operations,  on September 17, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Ms. Mayo was with Cablevision for 15 years, most recently serving as Executive Vice President, Consumer Operations.  Ms. Mayo earned a B.A. at West Chester University and an M.B.A. at Temple University. ... 
Kathleen  Mayo,  Executive Vice President, Customer Operations,  Kathleen Mayo joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Customer Operations,  on September 17, 2012.  Prior to joining Charter, Ms. Mayo was with Cablevision for 15 years, most recently serving as Executive Vice President, Consumer Operations.  Ms. Mayo earned a B.A. at West Chester University and an M.B.A. at Temple University. ... 
	1James Nuzzo	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Business Planning	,  James Nuzzo,  Executive Vice President Business Planning,  James Nuzzo joined Charter as Executive Vice President Business Planning,  on June 23, 2014. Mr. Nuzzo was previously at Cablevision Systems Corporation from 1986 to December, 2013 most recently serving as Senior Executive Vice President, Operations and Business Planning. Mr. Nuzzo received a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Hofstra University in 1983.... 
James Nuzzo,  Executive Vice President, Business Planning,  James Nuzzo joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Business Planning,  on June 23, 2014. Mr. Nuzzo was previously at Cablevision Systems Corporation from 1986 to December, 2013 most recently serving as Senior Executive Vice President, Operations and Business Planning. Mr. Nuzzo received a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Hofstra University in 1983.... 
	1Scott Weber	,  	2Executive Vice President	 	3Network Operations	,  Scott Weber,  	2Executive Vice President	 Network Operations,  Scott Weber joined Charter as Executive Vice 	2President	 Network Operations,  on June 18, 2012. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Weber served as Executive Vice President, Network Management for Cablevision from January 2007 through January 2012. From 1986 through January 2007, Mr. Weber led technical operations, engineering operations and network management in various roles at Comcast Corporation. Mr. Weber is a member of Society of Cable Telecommunications Engineers (... 
Scott Weber,  Executive Vice President, Network Operations,  Scott Weber joined Charter as Executive Vice President, Network Operations,  on June 18, 2012. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Weber served as Executive Vice President, Network Management for Cablevision from January 2007 through January 2012. From 1986 through January 2007, Mr. Weber led technical operations, engineering operations and network management in various roles at Comcast Corporation. Mr. Weber is a member of Society of Cable Telecommunications Engineers (... 
	1Christopher L. Winfrey	,  	2Executive Vice President	and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Christopher L. Winfrey,  	2Executive Vice President	and Chief Financial Officer,  Christopher L. Winfrey joined Charter as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  on November 1, 2010.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Winfrey served as Chief Financial Officer	and Managing Director of Unitymedia GmbH from March 2006 through October 2010. Mr. Winfrey was also appointed Managing Director of Unitymedia Management GmbH, Unitymedia Hessen Verwaltung GmbH and Unitymedia NRW GmbH in March 2006 and Arena Sport Rechte und Marketing GmbH in April 2008.  Fr... 
Christopher L. Winfrey,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Christopher L. Winfrey joined Charter as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  on November 1, 2010.  Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Winfrey served as Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Unitymedia GmbH from March 2006 through October 2010. Mr. Winfrey was also appointed Managing Director of Unitymedia Management GmbH, Unitymedia Hessen Verwaltung GmbH and Unitymedia NRW GmbH in March 2006 and Arena Sport Rechte und Marketing GmbH in April 2008.  Fr... 
	1Kevin D. Howard	,  	2Senior Vice President	- Finance, Controller and 	2Chief Accounting Officer	,  Kevin D. Howard,  Senior Vice President	- Finance, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer,  Kevin D. Howard has served in his position as Senior Vice President— Finance, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2009. From August 1, 2010 through October 31, 2010, Mr. Howard served as Charter’s Interim Chief Financial Officer. From April 2006 to December 2009, Mr. Howard served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer	 Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Finance from April 2003 until April 2006 and as Director of Financial Reporting sin... 

http://ir.charter.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=112298&p=irol-govmanage
