
Shop for a Vehicle,  Shop for a Vehicle,  Back Our Brands Shop Chevrolet.com Shop Buick.com Shop GMC.com Shop Cadillac.com Dealer Locator Current Offers Fleet Certified Pre-Owned Factory Pre-Owned Future Vehicles Learn More
Shop for a Vehicle Back,  Our Brands,  Shop Chevrolet.com,  Shop Buick.com,  Shop GMC.com,  Shop Cadillac.com,  Dealer Locator,  Current Offers,  Fleet,  Certified Pre-Owned,  Factory Pre-Owned,  Future Vehicles,  Learn More, 
Investors,  Investors,  Back Investors,  Home Investor News Earnings Releases Announcements & Events Sustainability Report Stockholder Information SEC Filings Sales Stock Information Analyst Coverage Historical Dividends Stock Repurchase Program Investor FAQ Investors,  Contacts Corporate Strategy Corporate Governance Learn More
Investors Back,  Investors Home,  Investor News,  Earnings Releases,  Announcements & Events,  Sustainability Report,  Stockholder Information,  SEC Filings,  Sales,  Stock Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Historical Dividends,  Stock Repurchase Program,  Investor FAQ,  Investors Contacts,  Corporate Strategy,  Corporate Governance,  Learn More, 
Shop for a Vehicle Shop for a Vehicle Back Our Brands Shop Chevrolet.com Shop Buick.com Shop GMC.com Shop Cadillac.com Dealer Locator Current Offers Fleet Certified Pre-Owned Factory Pre-Owned Future Vehicles Learn More News and Stories News and Stories Back All News and Stories Most Recent Design Technology Sustainability Community Education Quality Safety Learn More Our Company Our Company Back Overview About GM Leadership Diversity History & Heritage Sustainability Careers Giving Back Social Hub Awards Learn More Investors Investors Back Investors Home Investor News Earnings Releases Announcements & Events Sustainability Report Stockholder Information SEC Filings Sales Stock Information Analyst Coverage Historical Dividends Stock Repurchase Program Investor FAQ Investors Contacts Corporate Strategy Corporate Governance Learn More Owner Assistance Owner Assistance Back All Brands Chevrolet Buick GMC Cadillac Pontiac Oldsmobile Saturn HUMMER Learn More Select a Country,  Contact Us, 
Mary T. Barra,  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company, 
Mary T. Barra Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company Mary Barra is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of General Motors Company. Barra was elected Chairman of the GM Board of Directors on January 4, 2016, and has served as CEO of GM since January 15, 2014. Learn More, 
Dan Ammann,  President, General Motors Company, 
Dan Ammann President, General Motors Company Dan Ammann was named president of General Motors in January 2014. Ammann is responsible for managing the company’s business operations around the world, the global Chevrolet and Cadillac brand organizations, global product planning, new business development and GM Financial. Learn More, 
Alan Batey,  Executive Vice President and President, North America, 
Alan Batey Executive Vice President and President, North America Alan S. Batey was appointed executive vice president and president, North America, in January 2014. Batey also serves on the board of GM China’s joint venture, Shanghai General Motors Co., Ltd. (SGM), and the GM Foundation. Learn More, 
Daniel E. Berce,  President and Chief Executive Officer, GM Financial, 
Daniel E. Berce President and Chief Executive Officer, GM Financial Daniel E. Berce has been President and Chief Executive Officer of GM Financial since October 2010, when the company was purchased by General Motors. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriCredit Corp. from August 2005 to September 2010, President from 2003 to 2005, and was Chief Financial Officer from 1990 to 2003. Learn More, 
Alicia Boler-Davis,  Executive Vice President, Global Manufacturing, 
Alicia Boler-Davis Executive Vice President, Global Manufacturing Alicia Boler-Davis was named executive vice president, General Motors Global Manufacturing in June, 2016. Her responsibilities include labor relations. She is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and reports to GM CEO and Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Tony Cervone,  Senior Vice President, Global Communications, 
Tony Cervone Senior Vice President, Global Communications Tony Cervone was named senior vice president, Global Communications, in May 2014. As GM’s top communications executive, he is responsible for the company’s overall global communications strategy. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and a senior advisor to CEO Mary Barra. Learn More, 
James B. DeLuca,  Executive Vice President, Global Manufacturing, 
James B. DeLuca Executive Vice President, Global Manufacturing Jim DeLuca was appointed executive vice president, Global Manufacturing, in February 2014. He is responsible for General Motors’ manufacturing, labor and manufacturing engineering operations around the world, leading more than 190,000 employees at 171 facilities in 31 countries. Learn More, 
Johan de Nysschen,  President, Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice President, 
Johan de Nysschen President, Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice President Johan de Nysschen was appointed president, Cadillac and General Motors executive vice president in July 2014. de Nysschen is responsible for all aspects of Cadillac globally, including sales, pricing and network development; strategic brand development and marketing; product portfolio planning, including providing critical input for product engineering and design; and overall business results. Learn More, 
Barry Engle,  Executive Vice President and President, South America, 
Barry Engle Executive Vice President and President, South America Barry Engle joined GM as Executive Vice President and President, South America, responsible for the operations in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela, effective September 2015. He is also a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team. Learn More, 
Tony Francavilla,  Vice President, Global Quality, 
Tony Francavilla Vice President, Global Quality Tony Francavilla has been appointed Vice President, Global Quality, in June 2016. Francavilla leads GM’s global quality efforts, aimed at providing customers with the highest-quality vehicles as a foundation for its customers' experience. He reports to GM’s CEO and Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Craig Glidden,  Executive Vice President, Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel, 
Craig Glidden Executive Vice President, Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel Craig B. Glidden is executive vice president and general counsel of General Motors Co., a position he has held since he joined GM in March 2015. He leads a team of attorneys who are integrated into GM’s regional and functional teams in more than 30 countries. Learn More, 
Stefan Jacoby,  GM Executive Vice President & President, GM International, 
Stefan Jacoby GM Executive Vice President & President, GM International Stefan Jacoby is GM executive vice president and president, GM International. He has led the company’s operations in nearly 100 markets in Africa, Asia Pacific and the Middle East since August 2013. Learn More, 
Victoria McInnis,  Vice President, Tax and Audit, 
Victoria McInnis Vice President, Tax and Audit Victoria McInnis was named vice president of Tax and Audit in March 2015. She is responsible for General Motors’ global audit, tax and customs strategy and operations. She leads a global team of more than 500 employees who handle GM’s internal audit services and GM’s tax and customs planning, compliance and controversy management. Learn More, 
Randall D. Mott,  Senior Vice President, Global Information Technology & Chief Information Officer, 
Randall D. Mott Senior Vice President, Global Information Technology & Chief Information Officer Randy Mott was named senior vice president and chief information officer, Global Information Technology (IT) in February 2012, responsible for the company’s global IT strategy and all IT assets. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team, reporting to CEO Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann,  Executive Vice President & President, Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann Executive Vice President & President, Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH Dr. Karl-Thomas Neumann has been at the helm of Opel since 2013. He was named chairman of the board of Adam Opel AG and president, Europe effective March 2013. Since July 2014, Dr. Neumann has been chairman of the Management Board of Opel Group GmbH, which is responsible for all General Motors operations in Europe. Learn More, 
John J. Quattrone,  Senior Vice President, GM Global Human Resources, 
John J. Quattrone Senior Vice President, GM Global Human Resources John J. Quattrone is senior vice president, GM Global Human Resources in April 2014. He previously was vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Development & Global Purchasing & Supply Chain / Corporate Strategy, Business Development & Global Planning & Program organizations. Learn More, 
Mark Reuss,  Executive Vice President, Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain General Motors Company, 
Mark Reuss Executive Vice President, Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain General Motors Company Mark L. Reuss leads the design, engineering, safety, quality, research and development and program management of General Motors vehicles around the world. He also oversees GM’s Global Purchasing and Supply Chain organization, and is a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team, the Opel Supervisory Board and the board of Shanghai General Motors (SGM). Learn More, 
Chuck Stevens,  Executive Vice President and CFO, General Motors, 
Chuck Stevens Executive Vice President and CFO, General Motors Chuck Stevens was named executive vice president and chief financial officer of General Motors effective Jan. 15, 2014. Stevens is responsible for leading the company’s financial and accounting operations on a global basis. Learn More, 
Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President, Finance and Treasurer CEO and Chief Investment Officer, GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara Vice President, Finance and Treasurer CEO and Chief Investment Officer, GM Asset Management Dhivya Suryadevara was named vice president, Finance and Treasurer, on July 1, 2015. In addition to this role, she remains CEO and chief investment officer of GM Asset Management, positions she has held since February 2014 and July 2013, respectively. Learn More, 
Jill Sutton,  Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions, 
Jill Sutton Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions Jill Sutton joined GM as corporate secretary and deputy general counsel for corporate, finance and strategic transactions, effective July 15, 2015. Prior to joining GM, Sutton was executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Tim Hortons, Inc. Learn More, 
Jeffrey A. Taylor,  Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, 
Jeffrey A. Taylor Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Jeffrey A. Taylor was named Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer in April, 2016. In his role, Taylor has overall responsibility for GM’s ethics and compliance program, and supports GM’s business operations and leadership team in driving business success through an organizational culture committed to integrity, ethical conduct, vehicle safety and compliance with the law and company policies. Learn More, 
Thomas S. Timko,  Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer, 
Thomas S. Timko Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer Tom Timko joined General Motors as vice president, controller and chief accounting officer in March 2013. Timko provides global leadership and oversight for external reporting, technical accounting matters, development of accounting policies, internal controls and the consolidations process. Learn More, 
Matt Tsien,  GM Executive Vice President and President, GM China, 
Matt Tsien GM Executive Vice President and President, GM China Matthew (Matt) Tsien was appointed GM executive vice president and president of GM China in January 2014. Based in Shanghai, he oversees the day-to-day operations of GM’s business in China, including its 11 joint ventures. Learn More, 
Ed Welburn,  Vice President, Global Design, 
Ed Welburn Vice President, Global Design Ed Welburn was named vice president, Global Design, in March 2005. Previously he was GM vice president, North America Design, since 2003, only the sixth Design leader in GM history. Welburn leads the company’s global design centers and is a member of the company’s Executive Leadership Team (ELT). Learn More, 
Our Brands,  Shop Chevrolet.com,  Shop Buick.com,  Shop GMC.com,  Shop Cadillac.com,  Dealer Locator,  Current Offers,  Fleet,  Certified Pre-Owned,  Factory Pre-Owned,  Future Vehicles, 
Investors Home,  Investor News,  Earnings Releases,  Announcements & Events,  Sustainability Report,  Stockholder Information,  SEC Filings,  Sales,  Stock Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Historical Dividends,  Stock Repurchase Program,  Investor FAQ,  Investors Contacts,  Corporate Strategy,  Corporate Governance, 
http://www.gm.com/company/aboutGM/GM_Corporate_Officers.html