
Skip to main content,  Contact Us Suppliers Danaher Global About Us Our History Acquisitions Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas Our Culture Danaher Business System Core Values Integrity and Compliance Corporate Social Responsibility Our Businesses Business Directory Investors Overview Corporate Governance Press Releases Events & Presentations Stock Information Financial Information Analyst Coverage Contacts & Alerts FAQs News Feature Stories News & Releases Careers Careers for Professionals University Recruiting You are here Home About Us Leadership Leadership AllExecutive OfficersBoard of Directors Executive Officers Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. , President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Andersen Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. Mr. Joyce sits on the Board of Trustees of the College of the Holy Cross. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More Daniel L. Comas , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Comas became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2005. Mr. Comas joined Danaher in 1991 in the Corporate Development organization. In 1996, he was appointed Vice President, Corporate Development, responsible for Danaher’s merger and acquisition activities, and in 1999 was given additional responsibility for the corporate treasury function. In April 2004, Mr. Comas was appointed Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development, and assumed further responsibility for legal services and corporate risk management. Mr. Comas received his undergraduate degree in Economics from Georgetown University and his MBA from Stanford University. More William K. Daniel, II , Executive Vice President In July 2008, Mr. Daniel was appointed Executive Vice President.  He has responsibility for Danaher’s Industrial Technologies segment, including Danaher’s Motion and Product Identification platforms.  Prior to Danaher, Mr. Daniel spent 19 years with ArvinMeritor serving in a variety of positions including the role of Senior Vice President & President, Light Vehicle Aftermarket from 1999 to 2006. Mr. Daniel earned his BA from DePauw University and his MBA from The Darden School at The University of Virginia. More Brian W. Ellis , Senior Vice President and General Counsel Brian Ellis joined Danaher as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2016 from Medtronic, PLC, where he was General Counsel of the company's $8B global Restorative Therapies Group. Mr. Ellis previously worked at GE Healthcare as their Chief Compliance Officer, following which he was General Counsel of Monitoring Solutions and Services, where he provided legal services to the business units with a primary focus on global commercial operations, litigation, compliance, employment, and business development. Earlier in Mr. Ellis' career, he served as a partner in private law firms and as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. Brian brings a wealth of experience leading and developing global legal teams and supporting business growth.  Mr. Ellis received his undergraduate degree from Lake Forest College and earned a J.D. from University of Illinois College of Law. More William H. King, IV , Senior Vice President, Strategic Development Mr. King is the Senior Vice President, Strategic Development for Danaher Corporation. Mr. King and his team drive market development, deal sourcing and commercial diligence at Danaher, thus co-owning the M&A process at Danaher with Mr. Daniel Raskas and the Corporate Development team. In addition, he and his team hold responsibility for the strategic planning process, tools and training. Mr. King joined Danaher in 1998 and has held positions as Managing Director of the Special Purpose Systems Motion Control Group, as well as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Motion Control Group. Prior to joining Danaher, he held positions of increasing responsibility in live production and logistics for Perdue, Inc.  Mr. King has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS in Economics from University of Maryland.  More Angela S. Lalor , Senior Vice President, Human Resources Ms. Lalor is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Danaher Corporation with global responsibility for leading Danaher’s talent acquisition, development and retention efforts.  Ms. Lalor joined Danaher in 2012 from 3M, where she spent 22 years in a series of roles of progressive responsibility, including most recently as the Senior Vice President for HR, which she held for more than 6 years. She led a team of more than 800 HR professionals across 3M’s global business, driving high performance in the areas of human capital planning, talent acquisition and development, succession planning and leadership development, compensation, benefits and employee administration, organization development, diversity, and employee and labor relations. Through a series of roles earlier in her career, Ms. Lalor had HR responsibility for part of 3M’s European business, was an HR master black belt in 3M’s continuous improvement organization, and was the HR leader for various manufacturing plants and business units across 3M’s global industrial and healthcare businesses, and at one time led the compensation organization. Ms. Lalor obtained her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Northern Iowa and a Masters in Industrial Relations and Human Resources from the University of Iowa.   More Robert S. Lutz , Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Lutz is Chief Accounting Officer of Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2002.  Prior to his appointment as Senior Vice President in February 2010, he served as Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer since March 2003.  Mr. Lutz also served as Vice President - Audit & Reporting for Danaher from July 2002 to March 2003. Prior to joining Danaher Corporation, he served in various positions at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1979 until 2002, most recently as partner from 1991 to July 2002. Mr. Lutz holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Tulsa.   More Daniel Raskas , Senior Vice President, Corporate Development Mr. Raskas is the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development for Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2004. He manages a corporate team of M&A professionals. His team is responsible for all aspects of M&A and investment activity, including identification, valuation, due diligence, contract strategy and negotiations. Prior to coming to Danaher, Mr. Raskas was a partner at Thayer Capital Partners, a private equity firm based in Washington DC focused on buyout and growth equity investments in the middle market. Preceding his time at Thayer Capital Partners, Mr. Raskas was an M&A attorney at Arnold and Porter. Mr. Raskas has a JD from Harvard Law School and a Masters of International Affairs from Columbia University.   More Board of Directors Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Anderson Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More Donald J. Ehrlich Mr. Ehrlich has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1985. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Schwab Corp., a manufacturer of fire-protective safes, files, cabinets and vault doors, from January 2003 to July 2008, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Mr. Ehrlich also founded and served as the chairman and chief executive officer of an NYSE-listed, publicly-traded manufacturing company, and has also founded and served as CEO of two privately held manufacturing companies. As an entrepreneur and business leader who began his career on the factory floor, has been awarded over fifteen patents and worked his way to leadership of a large, publicly-traded company, Mr. Ehrlich has a broad understanding of the strategic challenges and opportunities facing a publicly-traded manufacturing company such as Danaher. He also has a broad, functional skill-set in the areas of engineering, finance, capital allocation and executive compensation   More Linda Hefner Filler Ms. Hefner Filler has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2005. She has served as President, North America of Claire's Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer, since March 2013. From May 2007 to June 2012, she served as Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., an operator of retail stores and warehouse clubs, and from April 2009 to June 2012 as Chief Merchandising Officer for Sam’s Club, a division of Wal-Mart. From May 2004 through December 2006, Ms. Hefner Filler served as Executive Vice President - Global Strategy for Kraft Foods Inc., a food and beverage company. Ms. Hefner Filler has served in senior management roles with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher’s business strategy, and Ms.Hefner Filler’s keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher’s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given her valuable perspective for matters of portfolio strategy, capital allocation and global business practices. More Robert J. Hugin Mr. Hugin serves as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG). Since joining Celgene in 1999, he has served in a series of progressively more responsible leadership positions including serving as Chief Executive Officer from June 2010 until March 2016. Prior to joining Celgene, Mr. Hugin served as a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan & Co. Inc., which he joined in 1985. From 1976 to 1983, Mr. Hugin served as a United States Marine Corps infantry officer. More Teri List-Stoll Ms. List-Stoll has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since September 2011. She has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. a food and beverage company, since December 2013 after service as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. Prior to joining Kraft Foods Group, Ms. List-Stoll served from 1994 to September 2013 in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance organization of The Procter & Gamble Company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter & Gamble, Ms. List-Stoll was employed by the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche for almost ten years. Ms. List-Stoll oversees the finance and accountinf function for a leading consumer goods company. Her experience dealing with complex finance and accounting matters for Kraft Foods Group and, previously, Procter & Gamble gives her an appreciation for and understanding of the similarly complex finance and accounting matters that Danaher faces. In addition, through her leadership roles with large, global companies, she has insight into the business practices that are critical to the success of a large, growing public company such as Danaher. More Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Mr. Lohr has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983. He was a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, for over five years until retiring in June 2012 and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Prior to his tenure at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. He has extensive experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising have been a critical resource for Danaher given the importance of its acquisition program. More Mitchell P. Rales Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. In addition, for more than the past five years he has been a principal in private and public business entities in the manufacturing area. Mr. Rales is a member of the board of directors of Colfax Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More Steven M. Rales Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Danaher’s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More John T. Schwieters Mr. Schwieters has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2003. He has been a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, since May 2012 after serving as a Senior Advisor from March 2009 to May 2012 and as Vice Chairman from April 2000 to March 2009. He has also served as Principal of Perseus Relaty, LLC since July 2013. Mr. Schwieters is a member of the board of directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., and within the past five years has also served as a director of Smithfield Foods, Inc. In addition to his roles with Perseus, Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world’s largest accounting firms after previously leading that firm’s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Danaher extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance, which are areas of critical importance to Danaher as a large, global and complex public company. More Alan G. Spoon Mr. Spoon has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1999. He has served as General Partner of Polaris Partners, a company which invests in private technology firms, since May 2000. Mr. Spoon is also a member of the board of directors of IAC/InterActiveCorp. In addition to his leadership role at Polaris Partners, Mr. Spoon previously served as president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of one of the country’s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him insight into technology trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for Danaher. More Elias A. Zerhouni Dr. Zerhouni has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2009. Dr. Zerhouni has served as President, Global Research & Development, for Sanofi-Aventis, a global pharmaceutical company, since January 2011. From 1996 to 2002, Dr. Zerhouni served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Sciences, and Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. From 2002 to November 2008, Dr. Zerhouni served as director of the National Institutes of Health (“NIH”), and from November 2008 to December 2010 he provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist, and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies, are of considerable importance given Danaher’s strategic expansion in the medical technologies markets. Dr. Zerhouni’s government experience also gives him a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher. More About Us Our History Acquisitions Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas Our Culture Danaher Business System Core Values Integrity and Compliance Corporate Social Responsibility Our Businesses Business Directory Investors Overview Corporate Governance Press Releases Events & Presentations Stock Information Financial Information Analyst Coverage Contacts & Alerts FAQs News Feature Stories News & Releases Careers Careers for Professionals University Recruiting Site Map Terms of Use Feedback © 2016 Danaher Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
About Us,  Our History Acquisitions Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
Our History,  Acquisitions,  Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
Leadership,  H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.,  Thomas P. Joyce,  Alan G. Spoon,  Donald J. Ehrlich,  Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D.,  John T. Schwieters,  Linda Hefner Filler,  Mitchell P. Rales,  Steven M. Rales,  Teri List-Stoll,  Walter G. Lohr, Jr.,  Daniel L. Comas,  William K. Daniel, II,  Brian W. Ellis,  William H. King, IV,  Angela S. Lalor,  Robert S. Lutz,  Daniel Raskas, 
Overview,  Corporate Governance,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Stock Information,  Financial Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Contacts & Alerts,  FAQs, 
AllExecutive OfficersBoard of Directors,  Executive Officers Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. , President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Andersen Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. Mr. Joyce sits on the Board of Trustees of the College of the Holy Cross. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More Daniel L. Comas , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Comas became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2005. Mr. Comas joined Danaher in 1991 in the Corporate Development organization. In 1996, he was appointed Vice President, Corporate Development, responsible for Danaher’s merger and acquisition activities, and in 1999 was given additional responsibility for the corporate treasury function. In April 2004, Mr. Comas was appointed Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development, and assumed further responsibility for legal services and corporate risk management. Mr. Comas received his undergraduate degree in Economics from Georgetown University and his MBA from Stanford University. More William K. Daniel, II , Executive Vice President In July 2008, Mr. Daniel was appointed Executive Vice President.  He has responsibility for Danaher’s Industrial Technologies segment, including Danaher’s Motion and Product Identification platforms.  Prior to Danaher, Mr. Daniel spent 19 years with ArvinMeritor serving in a variety of positions including the role of Senior Vice President & President, Light Vehicle Aftermarket from 1999 to 2006. Mr. Daniel earned his BA from DePauw University and his MBA from The Darden School at The University of Virginia. More Brian W. Ellis , Senior Vice President and General Counsel Brian Ellis joined Danaher as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2016 from Medtronic, PLC, where he was General Counsel of the company's $8B global Restorative Therapies Group. Mr. Ellis previously worked at GE Healthcare as their Chief Compliance Officer, following which he was General Counsel of Monitoring Solutions and Services, where he provided legal services to the business units with a primary focus on global commercial operations, litigation, compliance, employment, and business development. Earlier in Mr. Ellis' career, he served as a partner in private law firms and as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. Brian brings a wealth of experience leading and developing global legal teams and supporting business growth.  Mr. Ellis received his undergraduate degree from Lake Forest College and earned a J.D. from University of Illinois College of Law. More William H. King, IV , Senior Vice President, Strategic Development Mr. King is the Senior Vice President, Strategic Development for Danaher Corporation. Mr. King and his team drive market development, deal sourcing and commercial diligence at Danaher, thus co-owning the M&A process at Danaher with Mr. Daniel Raskas and the Corporate Development team. In addition, he and his team hold responsibility for the strategic planning process, tools and training. Mr. King joined Danaher in 1998 and has held positions as Managing Director of the Special Purpose Systems Motion Control Group, as well as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Motion Control Group. Prior to joining Danaher, he held positions of increasing responsibility in live production and logistics for Perdue, Inc.  Mr. King has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS in Economics from University of Maryland.  More Angela S. Lalor , Senior Vice President, Human Resources Ms. Lalor is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Danaher Corporation with global responsibility for leading Danaher’s talent acquisition, development and retention efforts.  Ms. Lalor joined Danaher in 2012 from 3M, where she spent 22 years in a series of roles of progressive responsibility, including most recently as the Senior Vice President for HR, which she held for more than 6 years. She led a team of more than 800 HR professionals across 3M’s global business, driving high performance in the areas of human capital planning, talent acquisition and development, succession planning and leadership development, compensation, benefits and employee administration, organization development, diversity, and employee and labor relations. Through a series of roles earlier in her career, Ms. Lalor had HR responsibility for part of 3M’s European business, was an HR master black belt in 3M’s continuous improvement organization, and was the HR leader for various manufacturing plants and business units across 3M’s global industrial and healthcare businesses, and at one time led the compensation organization. Ms. Lalor obtained her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Northern Iowa and a Masters in Industrial Relations and Human Resources from the University of Iowa.   More Robert S. Lutz , Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Lutz is Chief Accounting Officer of Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2002.  Prior to his appointment as Senior Vice President in February 2010, he served as Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer since March 2003.  Mr. Lutz also served as Vice President - Audit & Reporting for Danaher from July 2002 to March 2003. Prior to joining Danaher Corporation, he served in various positions at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1979 until 2002, most recently as partner from 1991 to July 2002. Mr. Lutz holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Tulsa.   More Daniel Raskas , Senior Vice President, Corporate Development Mr. Raskas is the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development for Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2004. He manages a corporate team of M&A professionals. His team is responsible for all aspects of M&A and investment activity, including identification, valuation, due diligence, contract strategy and negotiations. Prior to coming to Danaher, Mr. Raskas was a partner at Thayer Capital Partners, a private equity firm based in Washington DC focused on buyout and growth equity investments in the middle market. Preceding his time at Thayer Capital Partners, Mr. Raskas was an M&A attorney at Arnold and Porter. Mr. Raskas has a JD from Harvard Law School and a Masters of International Affairs from Columbia University.   More Board of Directors Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Anderson Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More Donald J. Ehrlich Mr. Ehrlich has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1985. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Schwab Corp., a manufacturer of fire-protective safes, files, cabinets and vault doors, from January 2003 to July 2008, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Mr. Ehrlich also founded and served as the chairman and chief executive officer of an NYSE-listed, publicly-traded manufacturing company, and has also founded and served as CEO of two privately held manufacturing companies. As an entrepreneur and business leader who began his career on the factory floor, has been awarded over fifteen patents and worked his way to leadership of a large, publicly-traded company, Mr. Ehrlich has a broad understanding of the strategic challenges and opportunities facing a publicly-traded manufacturing company such as Danaher. He also has a broad, functional skill-set in the areas of engineering, finance, capital allocation and executive compensation   More Linda Hefner Filler Ms. Hefner Filler has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2005. She has served as President, North America of Claire's Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer, since March 2013. From May 2007 to June 2012, she served as Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., an operator of retail stores and warehouse clubs, and from April 2009 to June 2012 as Chief Merchandising Officer for Sam’s Club, a division of Wal-Mart. From May 2004 through December 2006, Ms. Hefner Filler served as Executive Vice President - Global Strategy for Kraft Foods Inc., a food and beverage company. Ms. Hefner Filler has served in senior management roles with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher’s business strategy, and Ms.Hefner Filler’s keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher’s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given her valuable perspective for matters of portfolio strategy, capital allocation and global business practices. More Robert J. Hugin Mr. Hugin serves as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG). Since joining Celgene in 1999, he has served in a series of progressively more responsible leadership positions including serving as Chief Executive Officer from June 2010 until March 2016. Prior to joining Celgene, Mr. Hugin served as a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan & Co. Inc., which he joined in 1985. From 1976 to 1983, Mr. Hugin served as a United States Marine Corps infantry officer. More Teri List-Stoll Ms. List-Stoll has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since September 2011. She has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. a food and beverage company, since December 2013 after service as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. Prior to joining Kraft Foods Group, Ms. List-Stoll served from 1994 to September 2013 in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance organization of The Procter & Gamble Company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter & Gamble, Ms. List-Stoll was employed by the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche for almost ten years. Ms. List-Stoll oversees the finance and accountinf function for a leading consumer goods company. Her experience dealing with complex finance and accounting matters for Kraft Foods Group and, previously, Procter & Gamble gives her an appreciation for and understanding of the similarly complex finance and accounting matters that Danaher faces. In addition, through her leadership roles with large, global companies, she has insight into the business practices that are critical to the success of a large, growing public company such as Danaher. More Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Mr. Lohr has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983. He was a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, for over five years until retiring in June 2012 and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Prior to his tenure at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. He has extensive experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising have been a critical resource for Danaher given the importance of its acquisition program. More Mitchell P. Rales Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. In addition, for more than the past five years he has been a principal in private and public business entities in the manufacturing area. Mr. Rales is a member of the board of directors of Colfax Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More Steven M. Rales Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Danaher’s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More John T. Schwieters Mr. Schwieters has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2003. He has been a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, since May 2012 after serving as a Senior Advisor from March 2009 to May 2012 and as Vice Chairman from April 2000 to March 2009. He has also served as Principal of Perseus Relaty, LLC since July 2013. Mr. Schwieters is a member of the board of directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., and within the past five years has also served as a director of Smithfield Foods, Inc. In addition to his roles with Perseus, Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world’s largest accounting firms after previously leading that firm’s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Danaher extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance, which are areas of critical importance to Danaher as a large, global and complex public company. More Alan G. Spoon Mr. Spoon has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1999. He has served as General Partner of Polaris Partners, a company which invests in private technology firms, since May 2000. Mr. Spoon is also a member of the board of directors of IAC/InterActiveCorp. In addition to his leadership role at Polaris Partners, Mr. Spoon previously served as president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of one of the country’s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him insight into technology trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for Danaher. More Elias A. Zerhouni Dr. Zerhouni has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2009. Dr. Zerhouni has served as President, Global Research & Development, for Sanofi-Aventis, a global pharmaceutical company, since January 2011. From 1996 to 2002, Dr. Zerhouni served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Sciences, and Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. From 2002 to November 2008, Dr. Zerhouni served as director of the National Institutes of Health (“NIH”), and from November 2008 to December 2010 he provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist, and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies, are of considerable importance given Danaher’s strategic expansion in the medical technologies markets. Dr. Zerhouni’s government experience also gives him a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher. More
Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Andersen Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. Mr. Joyce sits on the Board of Trustees of the College of the Holy Cross. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More, 
Mr. Comas became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2005. Mr. Comas joined Danaher in 1991 in the Corporate Development organization. In 1996, he was appointed Vice President, Corporate Development, responsible for Danaher’s merger and acquisition activities, and in 1999 was given additional responsibility for the corporate treasury function. In April 2004, Mr. Comas was appointed Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development, and assumed further responsibility for legal services and corporate risk management. Mr. Comas received his undergraduate degree in Economics from Georgetown University and his MBA from Stanford University. More, 
In July 2008, Mr. Daniel was appointed Executive Vice President.  He has responsibility for Danaher’s Industrial Technologies segment, including Danaher’s Motion and Product Identification platforms.  Prior to Danaher, Mr. Daniel spent 19 years with ArvinMeritor serving in a variety of positions including the role of Senior Vice President & President, Light Vehicle Aftermarket from 1999 to 2006. Mr. Daniel earned his BA from DePauw University and his MBA from The Darden School at The University of Virginia. More, 
Brian Ellis joined Danaher as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2016 from Medtronic, PLC, where he was General Counsel of the company's $8B global Restorative Therapies Group. Mr. Ellis previously worked at GE Healthcare as their Chief Compliance Officer, following which he was General Counsel of Monitoring Solutions and Services, where he provided legal services to the business units with a primary focus on global commercial operations, litigation, compliance, employment, and business development. Earlier in Mr. Ellis' career, he served as a partner in private law firms and as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. Brian brings a wealth of experience leading and developing global legal teams and supporting business growth.  Mr. Ellis received his undergraduate degree from Lake Forest College and earned a J.D. from University of Illinois College of Law. More, 
Mr. King is the Senior Vice President, Strategic Development for Danaher Corporation. Mr. King and his team drive market development, deal sourcing and commercial diligence at Danaher, thus co-owning the M&A process at Danaher with Mr. Daniel Raskas and the Corporate Development team. In addition, he and his team hold responsibility for the strategic planning process, tools and training. Mr. King joined Danaher in 1998 and has held positions as Managing Director of the Special Purpose Systems Motion Control Group, as well as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Motion Control Group. Prior to joining Danaher, he held positions of increasing responsibility in live production and logistics for Perdue, Inc.  Mr. King has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS in Economics from University of Maryland.  More, 
Ms. Lalor is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Danaher Corporation with global responsibility for leading Danaher’s talent acquisition, development and retention efforts.  Ms. Lalor joined Danaher in 2012 from 3M, where she spent 22 years in a series of roles of progressive responsibility, including most recently as the Senior Vice President for HR, which she held for more than 6 years. She led a team of more than 800 HR professionals across 3M’s global business, driving high performance in the areas of human capital planning, talent acquisition and development, succession planning and leadership development, compensation, benefits and employee administration, organization development, diversity, and employee and labor relations. Through a series of roles earlier in her career, Ms. Lalor had HR responsibility for part of 3M’s European business, was an HR master black belt in 3M’s continuous improvement organization, and was the HR leader for various manufacturing plants and business units across 3M’s global industrial and healthcare businesses, and at one time led the compensation organization. Ms. Lalor obtained her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Northern Iowa and a Masters in Industrial Relations and Human Resources from the University of Iowa.   More, 
Mr. Lutz is Chief Accounting Officer of Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2002.  Prior to his appointment as Senior Vice President in February 2010, he served as Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer since March 2003.  Mr. Lutz also served as Vice President - Audit & Reporting for Danaher from July 2002 to March 2003. Prior to joining Danaher Corporation, he served in various positions at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1979 until 2002, most recently as partner from 1991 to July 2002. Mr. Lutz holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Tulsa.   More, 
Mr. Raskas is the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development for Danaher Corporation and has been with Danaher since 2004. He manages a corporate team of M&A professionals. His team is responsible for all aspects of M&A and investment activity, including identification, valuation, due diligence, contract strategy and negotiations. Prior to coming to Danaher, Mr. Raskas was a partner at Thayer Capital Partners, a private equity firm based in Washington DC focused on buyout and growth equity investments in the middle market. Preceding his time at Thayer Capital Partners, Mr. Raskas was an M&A attorney at Arnold and Porter. Mr. Raskas has a JD from Harvard Law School and a Masters of International Affairs from Columbia University.   More, 
Thomas P. Joyce is President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a position he assumed in September 2014. Mr. Joyce is responsible for the company’s strategic vision and leads the development and growth of Danaher’s global science and technology portfolio. Mr. Joyce has more than 20 years of Danaher leadership experience. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, he served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, responsible for Danaher’s Water Quality platform and Life Sciences & Diagnostics segment. In this role, Mr. Joyce increased Danaher’s Water Quality revenue by over $1.5 billion and led the company’s major acquisitions of Beckman Coulter and AB SCIEX. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Joyce has also played a key role in developing and evolving the Danaher Business System, Danaher’s common operating philosophy. Mr. Joyce began his Danaher career in 1989 as a Project Manager in the Danaher Tool Group, and later transitioned into a manufacturing role. In 1995, Mr. Joyce became President of Delta Consolidated Industries. Following this assignment, he became President of Hach Company, the world leader in analytical instrumentation for drinking water and wastewater applications in 2001. In 2002, Mr. Joyce became a Group Executive and Corporate Officer with Danaher Corporation, which led to his transition to Executive Vice President in 2006. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Joyce worked as a management consultant at Anderson Consulting, where he worked with a large number of manufacturing businesses to implement lean tools and optimize transactional processes. Mr. Joyce was born and raised on the north shore of Chicago and earned his bachelor’s degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross in 1982. He and his wife, Claire, live in Washington, D.C. and have four children. More, 
Mr. Ehrlich has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1985. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Schwab Corp., a manufacturer of fire-protective safes, files, cabinets and vault doors, from January 2003 to July 2008, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Mr. Ehrlich also founded and served as the chairman and chief executive officer of an NYSE-listed, publicly-traded manufacturing company, and has also founded and served as CEO of two privately held manufacturing companies. As an entrepreneur and business leader who began his career on the factory floor, has been awarded over fifteen patents and worked his way to leadership of a large, publicly-traded company, Mr. Ehrlich has a broad understanding of the strategic challenges and opportunities facing a publicly-traded manufacturing company such as Danaher. He also has a broad, functional skill-set in the areas of engineering, finance, capital allocation and executive compensation   More, 
Ms. Hefner Filler has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2005. She has served as President, North America of Claire's Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer, since March 2013. From May 2007 to June 2012, she served as Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., an operator of retail stores and warehouse clubs, and from April 2009 to June 2012 as Chief Merchandising Officer for Sam’s Club, a division of Wal-Mart. From May 2004 through December 2006, Ms. Hefner Filler served as Executive Vice President - Global Strategy for Kraft Foods Inc., a food and beverage company. Ms. Hefner Filler has served in senior management roles with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher’s business strategy, and Ms.Hefner Filler’s keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher’s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given her valuable perspective for matters of portfolio strategy, capital allocation and global business practices. More, 
Mr. Hugin serves as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG). Since joining Celgene in 1999, he has served in a series of progressively more responsible leadership positions including serving as Chief Executive Officer from June 2010 until March 2016. Prior to joining Celgene, Mr. Hugin served as a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan & Co. Inc., which he joined in 1985. From 1976 to 1983, Mr. Hugin served as a United States Marine Corps infantry officer. More, 
Ms. List-Stoll has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since September 2011. She has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. a food and beverage company, since December 2013 after service as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. Prior to joining Kraft Foods Group, Ms. List-Stoll served from 1994 to September 2013 in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance organization of The Procter & Gamble Company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter & Gamble, Ms. List-Stoll was employed by the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche for almost ten years. Ms. List-Stoll oversees the finance and accountinf function for a leading consumer goods company. Her experience dealing with complex finance and accounting matters for Kraft Foods Group and, previously, Procter & Gamble gives her an appreciation for and understanding of the similarly complex finance and accounting matters that Danaher faces. In addition, through her leadership roles with large, global companies, she has insight into the business practices that are critical to the success of a large, growing public company such as Danaher. More, 
Mr. Lohr has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983. He was a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, for over five years until retiring in June 2012 and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Prior to his tenure at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. He has extensive experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising have been a critical resource for Danaher given the importance of its acquisition program. More, 
Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. In addition, for more than the past five years he has been a principal in private and public business entities in the manufacturing area. Mr. Rales is a member of the board of directors of Colfax Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More, 
Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Danaher’s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of Danaher from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of Danaher’s shareholders. More, 
Mr. Schwieters has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2003. He has been a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, since May 2012 after serving as a Senior Advisor from March 2009 to May 2012 and as Vice Chairman from April 2000 to March 2009. He has also served as Principal of Perseus Relaty, LLC since July 2013. Mr. Schwieters is a member of the board of directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., and within the past five years has also served as a director of Smithfield Foods, Inc. In addition to his roles with Perseus, Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world’s largest accounting firms after previously leading that firm’s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Danaher extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance, which are areas of critical importance to Danaher as a large, global and complex public company. More, 
Mr. Spoon has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 1999. He has served as General Partner of Polaris Partners, a company which invests in private technology firms, since May 2000. Mr. Spoon is also a member of the board of directors of IAC/InterActiveCorp. In addition to his leadership role at Polaris Partners, Mr. Spoon previously served as president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of one of the country’s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him insight into technology trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for Danaher. More, 
Dr. Zerhouni has served on Danaher’s Board of Directors since 2009. Dr. Zerhouni has served as President, Global Research & Development, for Sanofi-Aventis, a global pharmaceutical company, since January 2011. From 1996 to 2002, Dr. Zerhouni served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Sciences, and Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. From 2002 to November 2008, Dr. Zerhouni served as director of the National Institutes of Health (“NIH”), and from November 2008 to December 2010 he provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist, and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies, are of considerable importance given Danaher’s strategic expansion in the medical technologies markets. Dr. Zerhouni’s government experience also gives him a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher. More, 
About Us,  Our History Acquisitions Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
Our History,  Acquisitions,  Leadership H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
Leadership,  H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Thomas P. Joyce Alan G. Spoon Donald J. Ehrlich Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. John T. Schwieters Linda Hefner Filler Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Teri List-Stoll Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Daniel L. Comas William K. Daniel, II Brian W. Ellis William H. King, IV Angela S. Lalor Robert S. Lutz Daniel Raskas
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.,  Thomas P. Joyce,  Alan G. Spoon,  Donald J. Ehrlich,  Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D.,  John T. Schwieters,  Linda Hefner Filler,  Mitchell P. Rales,  Steven M. Rales,  Teri List-Stoll,  Walter G. Lohr, Jr.,  Daniel L. Comas,  William K. Daniel, II,  Brian W. Ellis,  William H. King, IV,  Angela S. Lalor,  Robert S. Lutz,  Daniel Raskas, 
Overview,  Corporate Governance,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Stock Information,  Financial Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Contacts & Alerts,  FAQs, 
www.danaher.com/about-us/leadership