
Executive Team, 
	1Damian Perl	, 	2Founder	 	2Chairman	 and 	2CEO	 Damian is the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Strategies Group. He leads overall Group strategy, fund raising and M&A, oversees business performance, and manages senior investor and key stakeholder relationships. After establishing GLOBAL as a security and risk management consultancy in 1998, Damian built the enterprise in to a worldwide services business employing thousands of specialist personnel and achieving sector-leading growth. He subsequently designed and led a business transformation strategy, gaining new clients and capabilities through a series of defence technology acquisitions, and undertaking two highly successful IPOs on NASDAQ – GTEC in 2009 and GDEF in 2013. Today, Damian continues to pursue a specialist investor/operator strategy, working with stakeholders in the US, Europe and Asia to build a portfolio of leading edge national security technologies, utilising both sophisticated private equity and public capital markets structures. Damian holds a Bachelor’s degree in Physiology and Biomechanics and served in the Royal Marines Commandos and in UK Special Forces.
Founder Chairman and CEO, Damian is the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Strategies Group. He leads overall Group strategy, fund raising and M&A, oversees business performance, and manages senior investor and key stakeholder relationships. After establishing GLOBAL as a security and risk management consultancy in 1998, Damian built the enterprise in to a worldwide services business employing thousands of specialist personnel and achieving sector-leading growth. He subsequently designed and led a business transformation strategy, gaining new clients and capabilities through a series of defence technology acquisitions, and undertaking two highly successful IPOs on NASDAQ – GTEC in 2009 and GDEF in 2013. Today, Damian continues to pursue a specialist investor/operator strategy, working with stakeholders in the US, Europe and Asia to build a portfolio of leading edge national security technologies, utilising both sophisticated private equity and public capital markets structures. Damian holds a Bachelor’s degree in Physiology and Biomechanics and served in the Royal Marines Commandos and in UK Special Forces.
	1Frederic Cassis, 	2Director	 of 	3Legal Frederic	 is Director of Legal, Global Strategies Group. He is responsible for the Group’s corporate legal function, overseeing commercial legal matters, and ensuring regulatory compliance with national and international operating standards. He is also Secretary and Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Frederic joined GLOBAL in 2008, initially as the lead commercial lawyer for the Group’s Middle East operations headquartered in Dubai where he played a key role in the negotiation of several large key contracts with major regional governments and multi-national organisations. Subsequently, Frederic assumed responsibility for regulatory compliance, corporate governance and host government engagement for the region. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Frederic practised for several years as a corporate and commercial litigation lawyer in Australia. He acted for Governments, multi-national corporations and high net worth individuals in large scale litigation, both domestically and internationally, including in international arbitrations. His experience includes financial services and public listings compliance, and cross-jurisdictional securities proceedings. Frederic holds an LLB (Honours) and a Bachelor of Business (Finance) from the University of Technology, Sydney. He is admitted to practice law both in Australia and in England and Wales. Throughout his career, Frederic has served on various company boards and not for profit organisations.
Director of Legal, Frederic is Director of Legal, Global Strategies Group. He is responsible for the Group’s corporate legal function, overseeing commercial legal matters, and ensuring regulatory compliance with national and international operating standards. He is also Secretary and Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Frederic joined GLOBAL in 2008, initially as the lead commercial lawyer for the Group’s Middle East operations headquartered in Dubai where he played a key role in the negotiation of several large key contracts with major regional governments and multi-national organisations. Subsequently, Frederic assumed responsibility for regulatory compliance, corporate governance and host government engagement for the region. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Frederic practised for several years as a corporate and commercial litigation lawyer in Australia. He acted for Governments, multi-national corporations and high net worth individuals in large scale litigation, both domestically and internationally, including in international arbitrations. His experience includes financial services and public listings compliance, and cross-jurisdictional securities proceedings. Frederic holds an LLB (Honours) and a Bachelor of Business (Finance) from the University of Technology, Sydney. He is admitted to practice law both in Australia and in England and Wales. Throughout his career, Frederic has served on various company boards and not for profit organisations.
Frederic is Director of Legal, Global Strategies Group. He is responsible for the Group’s corporate legal function, overseeing commercial legal matters, and ensuring regulatory compliance with national and international operating standards. He is also Secretary and Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company.
	1Craig Dawson	, 	2Director	 of 	3Finance Craig	 is the Director of Finance, Global Strategies Group. He directs the Group’s finance function, overseeing financial planning, reporting and accounting practices and corporate finance, and supports the GLOBAL corporate development strategy to acquire new capabilities. Craig is also Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Craig joined Global Strategies Group in 2009, leading the financial support team in the IPO of Global Defense Technology & Systems, Inc (“GTEC”) on NASDAQ. Throughout his time with the company, he has headed the Group’s treasury and taxation functions, and served as the technical financial reporting expert for the Group under IFRS. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Craig was with Deloitte LLP, working across jurisdictions in the UK, US, New Zealand and South Africa. Craig managed a number of key public and private client relationships in the technology, media, manufacturing and telecoms sectors, advising on complex financial reporting, compliance and risk management. Craig graduated with a B.Com (Hons) in Accounting from the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (South Africa). He is a member of the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Director of Finance, Craig is the Director of Finance, Global Strategies Group. He directs the Group’s finance function, overseeing financial planning, reporting and accounting practices and corporate finance, and supports the GLOBAL corporate development strategy to acquire new capabilities. Craig is also Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Craig joined Global Strategies Group in 2009, leading the financial support team in the IPO of Global Defense Technology & Systems, Inc (“GTEC”) on NASDAQ. Throughout his time with the company, he has headed the Group’s treasury and taxation functions, and served as the technical financial reporting expert for the Group under IFRS. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Craig was with Deloitte LLP, working across jurisdictions in the UK, US, New Zealand and South Africa. Craig managed a number of key public and private client relationships in the technology, media, manufacturing and telecoms sectors, advising on complex financial reporting, compliance and risk management. Craig graduated with a B.Com (Hons) in Accounting from the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (South Africa). He is a member of the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Craig is the Director of Finance, Global Strategies Group. He directs the Group’s finance function, overseeing financial planning, reporting and accounting practices and corporate finance, and supports the GLOBAL corporate development strategy to acquire new capabilities. Craig is also Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company.
	1Dale Davis	, 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Operations	 Dale is Executive Vice President, Operations, Global Strategies Group. Based in Washington DC, he oversees business development activities across the Group, and leads on international capability development. Dale is also CEO and President of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Dale joined GLOBAL in 2006, and has built a strong commercial and project management team within the business in addition to his involvement in Group-wide business development. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Dale served as a Marine Officer, with roles in counterintelligence, and command and staff assignments, and completed his military career as Director of International Programs and Professor of Middle East Studies at the Virginia Military Institute. He later joined British American Tobacco as Security and Brand Protection Manager for the Middle East. Dale holds a BSc in Electrical Engineering from the Virginia Military Institute (US), and an MA in National Security Affairs from the Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey (US).
Executive Vice President, Operations, Dale is Executive Vice President, Operations, Global Strategies Group. Based in Washington DC, he oversees business development activities across the Group, and leads on international capability development. Dale is also CEO and President of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company. Dale joined GLOBAL in 2006, and has built a strong commercial and project management team within the business in addition to his involvement in Group-wide business development. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Dale served as a Marine Officer, with roles in counterintelligence, and command and staff assignments, and completed his military career as Director of International Programs and Professor of Middle East Studies at the Virginia Military Institute. He later joined British American Tobacco as Security and Brand Protection Manager for the Middle East. Dale holds a BSc in Electrical Engineering from the Virginia Military Institute (US), and an MA in National Security Affairs from the Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey (US).
Dale is Executive Vice President, Operations, Global Strategies Group. Based in Washington DC, he oversees business development activities across the Group, and leads on international capability development. Dale is also CEO and President of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, our US public company.
	1Tim Matthews	, 	2Director	 of 	3Communications	 Tim is Director of Communications, Global Strategies Group. He leads all aspects of the Group’s external relations strategy, incorporating government, investor and media relations and operational communications. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Tim held a number of senior communications roles. He was Senior Communications Adviser to the International Committee of the Red Cross, the leading humanitarian agency in fields of armed conflict, advising on their communications strategy post 9/11. Tim was Communications Director at Serco, the international services company, working within its defence, science and nuclear business. Tim was also an Associate Director at Fishburn Hedges, a London-based communications agency, working with a diverse range of clients including Shell International, Unilever, BT plc, Business in the Community and the UK Government. Tim has an MSc in Public Policy from the London School of Economics (UK), and a BA in Politics and History from the University of Hull (UK). Tim is a Fellow of the Policy Lab, an international institute specialising in strategic engagement to improve local security.
Director of Communications, Tim is Director of Communications, Global Strategies Group. He leads all aspects of the Group’s external relations strategy, incorporating government, investor and media relations and operational communications. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Tim held a number of senior communications roles. He was Senior Communications Adviser to the International Committee of the Red Cross, the leading humanitarian agency in fields of armed conflict, advising on their communications strategy post 9/11. Tim was Communications Director at Serco, the international services company, working within its defence, science and nuclear business. Tim was also an Associate Director at Fishburn Hedges, a London-based communications agency, working with a diverse range of clients including Shell International, Unilever, BT plc, Business in the Community and the UK Government. Tim has an MSc in Public Policy from the London School of Economics (UK), and a BA in Politics and History from the University of Hull (UK). Tim is a Fellow of the Policy Lab, an international institute specialising in strategic engagement to improve local security.
	1David McIntosh	, 	2Advisor	 to the Board, 	3Human Resources	 David is Advisor to the Board, Human Resources, of Global Strategies Group. David provides strategic leadership and oversight of human resources strategy and initiatives for the Group. David has worked with GLOBAL since 2008, leading a range of business-driven projects including resourcing, performance management and compensation as well as strategic projects focusing on improving employee performance. Prior to setting up his own consultancy business, David was HR Director at NM Rothschild & Sons for their investment banking business. Previous roles include senior positions with Baring Asset Management, Nomura International (where he was responsible for pre and post acquisition HR management of international private equity transactions) and BAE Systems. David has a postgraduate diploma in human resource management from the University of West London (UK). He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.
Advisor to the Board, Human Resources, David is Advisor to the Board, Human Resources, of Global Strategies Group. David provides strategic leadership and oversight of human resources strategy and initiatives for the Group. David has worked with GLOBAL since 2008, leading a range of business-driven projects including resourcing, performance management and compensation as well as strategic projects focusing on improving employee performance. Prior to setting up his own consultancy business, David was HR Director at NM Rothschild & Sons for their investment banking business. Previous roles include senior positions with Baring Asset Management, Nomura International (where he was responsible for pre and post acquisition HR management of international private equity transactions) and BAE Systems. David has a postgraduate diploma in human resource management from the University of West London (UK). He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.
	1Gavin Long	, 	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Global Strategies Group	 (North America) Gavin Long, is Senior Vice President, Global Strategies Group (North America) and plays a leadership role in our US M&A strategy focused on defence and national security technologies. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Gavin spent over 15 years in corporate M&A, much of that time focused on businesses in key government contracting sectors, including aerospace, defence and technology. Over his career to date, Gavin has participated in more than forty transactions with an aggregate value of over $4 billion. Most recently, he was a Managing Director at Civitas Group, formulating and executing M&A strategies for many of the large defence contractors. Gavin was Director of Strategy, Development and Planning for BAE Systems in the US, leading the development and execution of its investment strategy in the intelligence and security markets. Prior to BAE, Gavin was Vice President at full service investment bank Imperial Capital, developing the M&A, capital raise and consolidation strategies of several notable defence and private equity groups. He began his career as an analyst in the Technology M&A practice of Arthur Andersen Corporate Finance. Gavin has conducted graduate studies at Duke University and holds a B.A. in Philosophy from Appalachian State University.
Senior Vice President, Global Strategies Group (North America), Gavin Long is Senior Vice President, Global Strategies Group (North America), and plays a leadership role in our US M&A strategy focused on defence and national security technologies. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Gavin spent over 15 years in corporate M&A, much of that time focused on businesses in key government contracting sectors, including aerospace, defence and technology. Over his career to date, Gavin has participated in more than forty transactions with an aggregate value of over $4 billion. Most recently, he was a Managing Director at Civitas Group, formulating and executing M&A strategies for many of the large defence contractors. Gavin was Director of Strategy, Development and Planning for BAE Systems in the US, leading the development and execution of its investment strategy in the intelligence and security markets. Prior to BAE, Gavin was Vice President at full service investment bank Imperial Capital, developing the M&A, capital raise and consolidation strategies of several notable defence and private equity groups. He began his career as an analyst in the Technology M&A practice of Arthur Andersen Corporate Finance. Gavin has conducted graduate studies at Duke University and holds a B.A. in Philosophy from Appalachian State University.
	1Scott Stewart	, 	2Managing Director	, 	3Global Strategies Group	 (Middle East Asia Pacific) Scott is the Managing Director of Global Strategies Group (Middle East Asia Pacific), responsible for our support to government and commercial clients across the region. Since joining GLOBAL in 2009, Scott has taken forward the development of financial strategy, tax, treasury, commercial pricing and budget/forecasting activity for our business in the Middle East. Before taking up his current role, Scott was responsible for developing and implementing new budgeting and performance reporting processes, as well as instigating and leading on finance system upgrades/customisation including financial policy, processes and control reviews. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Scott was Head of Operations, Customer Care and Loyalty for all Carphone Warehouse Mobile Virtual Network brands. He has also held senior finance roles in the UK with Virgin Media, Australian Air Express and Ross Mining in Australia. Scott holds a BCom from James Cook University (Australia), and the professional designation of CPA from the CPA Australia.
Managing Director, Global Strategies Group (Middle East Asia Pacific), Scott is the Managing Director of Global Strategies Group (Middle East Asia Pacific), responsible for our support to government and commercial clients across the region. Since joining GLOBAL in 2009, Scott has taken forward the development of financial strategy, tax, treasury, commercial pricing and budget/forecasting activity for our business in the Middle East. Before taking up his current role, Scott was responsible for developing and implementing new budgeting and performance reporting processes, as well as instigating and leading on finance system upgrades/customisation including financial policy, processes and control reviews. Prior to joining GLOBAL, Scott was Head of Operations, Customer Care and Loyalty for all Carphone Warehouse Mobile Virtual Network brands. He has also held senior finance roles in the UK with Virgin Media, Australian Air Express and Ross Mining in Australia. Scott holds a BCom from James Cook University (Australia), and the professional designation of CPA from the CPA Australia.
	1Hon. David Gompert	, 	2Director	, 	3Global Defense & National Security Systems	, Inc. David is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a distinguished career in the intelligence and national security arena, together with experience in the private sector and academia. He has published extensively on international affairs, national security policy and information technology. David is currently Distinguished Research Fellow at the National Defense University, Professor for National Security Studies at the United States Naval Academy, and Adjunct Fellow of the RAND Corporation. He previously held the post of Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence for the US government, involved in strategic leadership and reformation of the US intelligence community. He spent a period as Acting Director of National Intelligence, serving as President Obama’s chief intelligence advisor. David has held a number of influential positions in the US State Department, including advisory roles to President George H. W. Bush and Henry Kissinger, as well as significant positions on the National Security Council staff. His career has also included key leadership roles with the RAND Corporation, and he has been on the faculty of the RAND Pardee Graduate School, the United States Naval Academy, and the National Defense University. Additionally, he has held senior and strategic private sector roles with Unisys and AT&T. David holds a BSc in Engineering from the US Naval Academy and a Master of Public Affairs degree from the Woodrow Wilson School, Princeton University (US).
Director, Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc., David is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a distinguished career in the intelligence and national security arena, together with experience in the private sector and academia. He has published extensively on international affairs, national security policy and information technology. David is currently Distinguished Research Fellow at the National Defense University, Professor for National Security Studies at the United States Naval Academy, and Adjunct Fellow of the RAND Corporation. He previously held the post of Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence for the US government, involved in strategic leadership and reformation of the US intelligence community. He spent a period as Acting Director of National Intelligence, serving as President Obama’s chief intelligence advisor. David has held a number of influential positions in the US State Department, including advisory roles to President George H. W. Bush and Henry Kissinger, as well as significant positions on the National Security Council staff. His career has also included key leadership roles with the RAND Corporation, and he has been on the faculty of the RAND Pardee Graduate School, the United States Naval Academy, and the National Defense University. Additionally, he has held senior and strategic private sector roles with Unisys and AT&T. David holds a BSc in Engineering from the US Naval Academy and a Master of Public Affairs degree from the Woodrow Wilson School, Princeton University (US).
David is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, . He has had a distinguished career in the intelligence and national security arena, together with experience in the private sector and academia.
	1Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel	, 	2Director	, 	3Global Defense & National Security Systems	, Inc. Ronald is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a long and distinguished career within the national security and technology sectors, including in the service of the U.S. Government. Ronald’s experience includes serving as the Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautical and Space Administration (NASA), and as a Director, as well as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, ManTech International Corporation and ICx Technologies, Inc. Previously, he was an executive officer of both Harris Corporation and ICF Kaiser International, following ten years in investment banking. In addition to currently serving on the Board of ProfireEnergy, Inc. (NASDAQ: PFIE), Mr. Spoehel also serves and has served on the Boards of private companies both in the U.S. and in Europe. He earned his BS in Economics, MS in Engineering and an MBA in Finance from the University of Pennsylvania.
Director, Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc., Ronald is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a long and distinguished career within the national security and technology sectors, including in the service of the U.S. Government. Ronald’s experience includes serving as the Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautical and Space Administration (NASA), and as a Director, as well as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, ManTech International Corporation and ICx Technologies, Inc. Previously, he was an executive officer of both Harris Corporation and ICF Kaiser International, following ten years in investment banking. In addition to currently serving on the Board of ProfireEnergy, Inc. (NASDAQ: PFIE), Mr. Spoehel also serves and has served on the Boards of private companies both in the U.S. and in Europe. He earned his BS in Economics, MS in Engineering and an MBA in Finance from the University of Pennsylvania.
Ronald is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, . He has had a long and distinguished career within the national security and technology sectors, including in the service of the U.S. Government.
	1Vice Adm. (ret.) Robert B. Murrett	, 	2Director	, 	3Global Defense & National Security Systems	, Inc. Robert is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a long and distinguished career in public service at senior levels within the U.S. defense and intelligence fields. He is currently serving as Professor of Practice and Deputy Director of the Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism at the Maxwell School, Syracuse University. He is also on the adjunct staff of the RAND Corporation. Previously he was Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and Director of Naval Intelligence, and Vice Director for Intelligence, Joint Chiefs of Staff. Prior to this, Robert was a career intelligence officer in the U.S. Navy, with 34 years of active duty. He serves on a number of advisory boards, including the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, the MITRE Intelligence Advisory Board, the Boeing Network and Space Systems Senior Advisory Group, Naval Intelligence Professionals, the U.S Naval Academy Cyber Center, and the Veterans Administration Center for Integrated Health Care. Robert received his bachelor’s degree in history from the University of Buffalo and masters degrees in government and strategic intelligence from Georgetown University and the Defense Intelligence College respectively.
Director, Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc., Robert is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc. He has had a long and distinguished career in public service at senior levels within the U.S. defense and intelligence fields. He is currently serving as Professor of Practice and Deputy Director of the Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism at the Maxwell School, Syracuse University. He is also on the adjunct staff of the RAND Corporation. Previously he was Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and Director of Naval Intelligence, and Vice Director for Intelligence, Joint Chiefs of Staff. Prior to this, Robert was a career intelligence officer in the U.S. Navy, with 34 years of active duty. He serves on a number of advisory boards, including the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, the MITRE Intelligence Advisory Board, the Boeing Network and Space Systems Senior Advisory Group, Naval Intelligence Professionals, the U.S Naval Academy Cyber Center, and the Veterans Administration Center for Integrated Health Care. Robert received his bachelor’s degree in history from the University of Buffalo and masters degrees in government and strategic intelligence from Georgetown University and the Defense Intelligence College respectively.
Robert is a Director of Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc, . He has had a long and distinguished career in public service at senior levels within the U.S. defense and intelligence fields.
www.globalgroup.com/our-team.html
