
Doing Business, View Our Work Submit RFP Government Contract Vehicles Strategic Ventures Contact Booz Allen
View Our Work, Submit RFP, Government Contract Vehicles, Strategic Ventures, Contact Booz Allen, 
Featured Offerings Mobile Tactical Forensic Device, The VAMPIRE™ Tactical Forensic Device gives frontline law enforcement and military operators the instant answers they need to deliver a tactical forensic edge in the field.
  Translating Data into Insights and Action, Booz Allen’s Explore Data Science introduces common data science theory and techniques to help programmers, mathematicians, and other technical professionals expand their data science expertise.
Featured Capabilities Delivering Enduring Results for Southeast Asia, With an established legacy of helping clients overcome complex challenges, Booz Allen Hamilton expanded its global presence into Southeast Asia.
  Business Results that Give You Edge, Booz Allen Commercial Solutions is laser-focused on enabling our clients to succeed. Our dedicated teams understand business imperatives, combining in-depth industry knowledge with operational expertise.
Featured Ideas Cyber Solutions Handbook, Booz Allen Hamilton created the Cyber Solutions Handbook, to provide pragmatic insight and assistance on how to address the key issues facing cybersecurity leaders today.
  Move Past the Rhetoric and Move Toward Success, Booz Allen explains how to move beyond the Internet of Things (IoT) rhetoric, and how to realize value today.
Organization, Booz Allen Leadership Offices Annual Reports History Awards and Recognition Strategic Ventures Government Contract Vehicles
Booz Allen Leadership, Offices, Annual Reports, History, Awards and Recognition, Strategic Ventures, Government Contract Vehicles, 
  Core Values, Booz Allen was one of the first organizations in the United States to adopt a formal statement of its business ethics, which translate into our 10 Core Values, . 
  Are You Ready to Change the World?, Booz Allen Associate and Data Scientist Steve Mills discusses the National Data Science Bowl. 
Discover Booz Allen, Explore Booz Allen Life at Booz Allen Meet Our People Connect with Booz Allen Prepare for an Interview
Explore Booz Allen, Life at Booz Allen, Meet Our People, Connect with Booz Allen, Prepare for an Interview, 
Booz Allen Careers Life at Booz Allen, What's so special about working at Booz Allen? We value you as an individual—not just as a resource. Come explore our culture of collaboration, innovation, and excellence.
  Your Booz Allen career starts here, At Booz Allen you'll work with clients whose missions matter. Explore our job openings for the first step in your Booz Allen career.
Booz Allen at a Glance, Company Overview Executive Leadership Board of Directors
Company Overview, Executive Leadership, Board of Directors, 
Investor Highlights Quarterly Financials, Booz Allen Hamilton's initial public offering took place in November 2010. For a list of our previous quarterly earnings releases and filings since IPO, please visit the Investor Relations section of the website. 
Booz Allen Hamilton Profit, Sales Climb as Backlog Reaches Record, Booz Allen reports profit rose and revenue grew in latest quarter on increased client demand, The Wall Street Journal Read More  
Booz Allen reports profit rose and revenue grew in latest quarter on increased client demand, The Wall Street Journal, 
Booz Allen Hamilton Profit, Sales Climb as Backlog Reaches Record Booz Allen reports profit rose and revenue grew in latest quarter on increased client demand, The Wall Street Journal Read More,  
Booz Allen Posts First Revenue Jump in 3 Years for FY 2016, Booz Allen posted a revenue increase for its 2016 fiscal year for the first time in three such periods that have seen flat or contracting sales, GovConWire Read More  
Booz Allen posted a revenue increase for its 2016 fiscal year for the first time in three such periods that have seen flat or contracting sales, GovConWire, 
Booz Allen Posts First Revenue Jump in 3 Years for FY 2016 Booz Allen posted a revenue increase for its 2016 fiscal year for the first time in three such periods that have seen flat or contracting sales, GovConWire Read More,  
Not Your Grandfather's Booz Allen, New CEO Horacio Rozanski is remaking the image of the stodgy 102-year-old federal contractor and management consultant., Washington Business Journal Read More  
New CEO Horacio Rozanski is remaking the image of the stodgy 102-year-old federal contractor and management consultant., Washington Business Journal, 
Not Your Grandfather's Booz Allen New CEO Horacio Rozanski is remaking the image of the stodgy 102-year-old federal contractor and management consultant., Washington Business Journal Read More,  
Booz Allen Posts Profit Decline On Higher Spending, Booz Allen Hamilton reported that profit in its latest quarter fell 9.6%, as higher spending offset a revenue increase., The Wall Street Journal Read More  
Booz Allen Hamilton reported that profit in its latest quarter fell 9.6%, as higher spending offset a revenue increase., The Wall Street Journal, 
Booz Allen Posts Profit Decline On Higher Spending Booz Allen Hamilton reported that profit in its latest quarter fell 9.6%, as higher spending offset a revenue increase., The Wall Street Journal Read More,  
The Laser Revolution: This Time It May Be Real, Trey Obering is quoted on the effort to urge adoption by the DoD of directed energy weapons.  , Breaking Defense Read More  
Trey Obering is quoted on the effort to urge adoption by the DoD of directed energy weapons.  , Breaking Defense, 
The Laser Revolution: This Time It May Be Real Trey Obering is quoted on the effort to urge adoption by the DoD of directed energy weapons.  , Breaking Defense Read More,  
Horacio D. Rozanski, President and Chief Executive Officer As President and Chief Executive Officer at Booz Allen Hamilton, Horacio Rozanski is responsible for operational excellence and efficiency throughout the firm. He drives strategies to meet the firm’s business goals and enable an operating model to help staff identify and respond to emerging trends across the firm’s markets to deliver enduring results for clients., View Profile,  
Karen Dahut, Executive Vice President Karen Dahut, a Booz Allen Hamilton Executive Vice President, leads the firm’s Civil Commercial Group (CCG) and is a member of Booz Allen’s Leadership Team. View Profile,  
Lloyd W. Howell, Jr., Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer Lloyd W. Howell Jr., Booz Allen Hamilton Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, is responsible for the firm’s financial statements, capital structure and related financial operations. , View Profile,  
Nancy Laben, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Booz Allen Hamilton Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Nancy Laben, leads the firm's Law Department. View Profile,  
Joseph Logue, Executive Vice President Booz Allen Hamilton Executive Vice President Joe Logue leads the firm's Defense business. He is also a member of the firm's Leadership Team. Previously, Mr. Logue was the Client Service Officer for the firm's U.S. Navy and Marine Corps business., View Profile,  
Joseph W. Mahaffee, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Joe Mahaffee, an Executive Vice President and the Chief Administrative Officer at Booz Allen Hamilton, specializes in cybersecurity, communications, information assurance, and SIGINT. , View Profile,  
Susan L. Penfield, Executive Vice President Susan Penfield, an Executive Vice President at Booz Allen Hamilton, leads the firm’s Strategic Innovation Group (SIG) and is a member of Booz Allen’s Leadership Team., View Profile,  
Betty Thompson, Executive Vice President and Chief Personnel Officer Betty Thompson, a Executive Vice President with Booz Allen Hamilton, serves as the firm's Chief Personnel Officer. View Profile,  
Dr. Ralph W. Shrader, Chairman of the Board Dr. Ralph W. Shrader, is Chairman of the Board of Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., the leading strategy and technology consulting firm (annual revenue of approximately $5.3 billion; 22, 500 staff). He is the seventh Chairman since the firm's founding in 1914, and served as Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2014, leading Booz Allen through a significant period of growth and strategic realignment. View Profile,  
Joan Lordi C. Amble, Director Joan Amble joined Booz Allen’s Board in 2012. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President, Finance, for American Express Company and served in senior positions, including the role of comptroller, from 2003 to 2011. Before that, at General Electric, she served in a variety of senior financial positions, including her final role as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for GE Capital Markets. Earlier in her career, she served from 1984 to 1989 with the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and with Ernst & Young from 1977 to 1984. Ms. Amble has a BS degree from The Pennsylvania State University. She currently serves as a Director of Brown-Forman Corporation and Sirius XM Radio.  She also serves on the Board of Overseers at UCLA Health Services. She is also the co-founder and Chairman of W.O.M.E.N in America, an organization that focuses on the development of women professionals. Ms. Amble is a member of the Audit Committee., View Profile,  
Melody C. Barnes, Director Melody Barnes joined Booz Allen’s board in 2015. She is currently a Vice Provost and Senior Fellow at New York University, formerly served President Barack Obama as an Assistant to the President and as the Director of the Domestic Policy Council, which coordinates the domestic policy-making process in the White House. She is also Co-Founder and Principal of MBSquared Solutions LLC, a domestic policy strategy firm, Chair of the Aspen Institute Forum for Community Solutions and a director at Ventas, Inc., a real estate investment trust. Before serving in the White House, Ms. Barnes was the Senior Domestic Policy Advisor to President Obama’s campaign. From 2005 to 2008, Ms. Barnes was the Executive Vice President for Policy at the Center for American Progress, where she had previously been a Senior Fellow from 2003 to 2005. She also served as Chief Counsel to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 1998 to 2003, and as his General Counsel from 1995 to 1998. Ms. Barnes received her bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and received her law degree from the University of Michigan. She is a member of the Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees., View Profile,  
Peter Clare, Presiding Director Peter Clare, has been a member of our Board since 2008. Mr. Clare is Managing Director of The Carlyle Group and co-head of the U.S. Buyout group. Mr. Clare, founding member of the Carlyle Asia Buyout team, has played a significant role in several of The Carlyle Group's most successful investments. Prior to joining Carlyle in 1992, Mr. Clare was with First City Capital Corporation, a private equity group, and the Interfunding/Merchant Banking Group of Prudential-Bache Capital Funding. Mr. Clare is a magna cum laude graduate of Georgetown University and received his M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. Mr. Clare is also a member of the Boards of Directors of CommScope, Inc., Pharmaceutical Product Development (PPD), and Sequa Corp.  Mr. Clare is Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Compensation and Executive Committees. View Profile,  
Ian Fujiyama, Director Ian Fujiyama, has been a member of our Board since 2008. Mr. Fujiyama is a Managing Director of The Carlyle Group, which he joined in 1997 and is a member of the firm's Aerospace, Defense, and Government Services team. Beginning in 1999, Mr. Fujiyama spent two years in Hong Kong and Seoul working in Carlyle's Asia buyout fund, Carlyle Asia Partners. He currently serves on the boards of directors of Dynamic Precision Group. Mr. Fujiyama is a member of the Compensation and Executive Committees. View Profile,  
Mark Gaumond, Director Mr. Gaumond has more than 35 years of experience working with senior management and audit committees of public and privately-held companies. He held senior positions with Ernst & Young LLP from 2002 to 2010, retiring from the firm as Senior Vice Chair for the Americas, and previously was a partner with a distinguished 27-year career at Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Gaumond has an AB degree from Georgetown University and an MBA from New York University. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and currently serves as a director of Rayonier Advanced Materials, Inc., the Fishers Island Development Corporation, the Walsh Park Benevolent Corporation, and on the advisory board of BPV Capital Management LLC. Mr. Gaumond formerly served as a director for Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. and Rayonier, Inc. and is a former trustee of The California Academy of Sciences. Mr. Gaumond is Chairman of the Audit Committee., View Profile,  
Arthur E. Johnson, Director Arthur E. Johnson, retired senior vice president of corporate strategic development from Lockheed Martin with over 20 years of senior leadership experience in the information technology and defense businesses, joined Booz Allen?s Board in 2011. He brings extensive IT management experience to the Board, having held senior positions at IBM, Loral Corporation and Lockheed Martin. Mr. Johnson currently serves as a Director of AGL Resources, Inc. and Eaton Corporation, as an Independent Trustee of the Fixed Income and Asset Allocation funds of Fidelity Investments, and was the founding Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA). Mr. Johnson is a member of the Audit Committee. View Profile,  
Gretchen McClain, Director Gretchen W. McClain joined Booz Allen’s Board in 2014.  Previously, she served as President and CEO of Xylem Inc.  She joined Xylem as the founding CEO in 2011 when it was formed and taken public from the spinoff of the water business of ITT Corporation.  She joined ITT in 2005 as the President of the company’s residential and commercial water business. Ms. McClain has served in a number of senior executive positions at Honeywell Aerospace, including VP and General Manager of the Business, General Aviation and Helicopters (BGH) Electronics division, and VP for Engineering and Technology as well as for Program Management in Honeywell Aerospace’s Engines, Systems and Services division. Earlier in her career, Ms. McClain joined AlliedSignal in 1999, which later merged with Honeywell.  She also spent nine years with NASA and served as Deputy Associate Administrator for Space Development, where she played a pivotal role in the successful development and launch of the International Space Station Program as Chief Director of the Space Station, and Deputy Director for Space Flight. Ms. McClain graduated from University of Utah with a BS in Mechanical Engineering.  She currently serves on the Board of Directors of AMETEK. Ms. McClain is a member of our Compensation and Nomination and Corporate Governance Committees., View Profile,  
Philip A. Odeen, Director Philip A. Odeen, has been a member of our Board since 2008. Mr. Odeen served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director of AES Corporation from 2009 to 2013, and as a director of AES from 2003 to 2013. Mr. Odeen served as the Chairman of the Board of Convergys Corporation from 2008 to 2013, as a director of Convergys Corporation from 2000 to 2013, and as a director of QinetiQ North America Inc from 2006 to 2014. He serves as a director of ASC Signal Corporation and Globant,  and  on the proxy board of DRS. Mr. Odeen retired as Chairman/CEO of TRW Inc. in December 2002. Mr. Odeen has provided leadership and guidance to our Board as a result of his varied global business, governmental and non-profit and charitable organizational experience of over 40 years. Mr. Odeen is Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. View Profile,  
Charles O. Rossotti, Director Charles O. Rossotti, has been a member of our Board since 2008. Mr. Rossotti has served as a Senior Advisor to The Carlyle Group since June 2003. Prior to this position Mr. Rossotti served as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue of the Internal Revenue Service from 1997 to 2002. Mr. Rossotti co-founded American Management Systems, Inc., an international business and information technology consulting firm in 1970, where he served at various times as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board until 1997. Mr. Rossotti currently serves as a director for The AES Corporation, Primatics Financial, and ECi Software Solutions, and as a trustee of Carlyle Select Trust. Mr. Rossotti formerly served as a director of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., from 2004 to 2008, Bank of America Corporation, from 2009 to 2013, Quorum Management Solutions from 2010 to 2014, Compusearch Software Systems, from 2005 to 2010, and Apollo Global, from 2006 to 2012. View Profile,  
Horacio D. Rozanski, President and Chief Executive Officer As President and Chief Executive Officer at Booz Allen Hamilton, Horacio Rozanski is responsible for operational excellence and efficiency throughout the firm. He drives strategies to meet the firm’s business goals and enable an operating model to help staff identify and respond to emerging trends across the firm’s markets to deliver enduring results for clients., View Profile,  
Contact Us, Sign up to receive Booz Allen’s Latest Thinking, Receive Investor Alerts, 
Of Note For 17th Consecutive Year, Booz Allen Hamilton named to Working Mother's “100 Best Companies” List,  
Home,   /   About Us,   /   Booz Allen Leadership, 
President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Senior Executive Advisor, Senior Partner Emeritus, Director, 
http://www.boozallen.com/about/leadership