Ramakrishnan Chandrasekaran	title	Executive Vice Chairman	Ramakrishnan Chandrasekaran, Executive Vice Chairman Cognizant India, 
Gordon Coburn	title	President	Gordon Coburn, President 
Francisco D'Souza	title	Chief Executive Officer	Click to Follow,  Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive OfficerMr. D’Souza is Cognizant’s CEOand a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. As CEO, he is responsible for managing Cognizant’s growth as a leading provider of global consulting, information technology and outsourcing services. During his tenure as CEO, Cognizant’s employee base has grown from 55,000 to over 230,000. As a result of its strong growth, Cognizant has been named a member of the S&P 500, the Fortune 500, the Forbes Global 2000 and one of Forbes' Fastest Growing Tech Companies.  Mr. D’Souza joined Cognizant as a co-founder in 1994–the year it was started as a division of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. He has served on the Board of Directors of General Electric Company since 2013, where he is a member of the Audit Committee and the Science and Technology Committee. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University, as Co-Chairmanof the Board of Directors of The New York Hall of Science and on the Board of Directors of the U.S.-India Business Council. He is a member of the World Economic Forum and the Science Visiting Council for the acclaimed PBS science program, NOVA. The son of an Indian diplomat, Mr. D’Souza is a global citizen who has lived in nine different countries and traveled to many others. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Macau and his MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University.
Francisco D'Souza	title	CEO	Click to Follow,  Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive OfficerMr. D’Souza is Cognizant’s CEOand a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. As CEO, he is responsible for managing Cognizant’s growth as a leading provider of global consulting, information technology and outsourcing services. During his tenure as CEO, Cognizant’s employee base has grown from 55,000 to over 230,000. As a result of its strong growth, Cognizant has been named a member of the S&P 500, the Fortune 500, the Forbes Global 2000 and one of Forbes' Fastest Growing Tech Companies.  Mr. D’Souza joined Cognizant as a co-founder in 1994–the year it was started as a division of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. He has served on the Board of Directors of General Electric Company since 2013, where he is a member of the Audit Committee and the Science and Technology Committee. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University, as Co-Chairmanof the Board of Directors of The New York Hall of Science and on the Board of Directors of the U.S.-India Business Council. He is a member of the World Economic Forum and the Science Visiting Council for the acclaimed PBS science program, NOVA. The son of an Indian diplomat, Mr. D’Souza is a global citizen who has lived in nine different countries and traveled to many others. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Macau and his MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University.
Francisco D'Souza	title	Chairman	Click to Follow,  Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive OfficerMr. D’Souza is Cognizant’s CEOand a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. As CEO, he is responsible for managing Cognizant’s growth as a leading provider of global consulting, information technology and outsourcing services. During his tenure as CEO, Cognizant’s employee base has grown from 55,000 to over 230,000. As a result of its strong growth, Cognizant has been named a member of the S&P 500, the Fortune 500, the Forbes Global 2000 and one of Forbes' Fastest Growing Tech Companies.  Mr. D’Souza joined Cognizant as a co-founder in 1994–the year it was started as a division of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. He has served on the Board of Directors of General Electric Company since 2013, where he is a member of the Audit Committee and the Science and Technology Committee. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University, as Co-Chairmanof the Board of Directors of The New York Hall of Science and on the Board of Directors of the U.S.-India Business Council. He is a member of the World Economic Forum and the Science Visiting Council for the acclaimed PBS science program, NOVA. The son of an Indian diplomat, Mr. D’Souza is a global citizen who has lived in nine different countries and traveled to many others. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Macau and his MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University.
Francisco D'Souza	title	Chief Executive Officer	Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive Officer 
Malcolm Frank	title	Executive Vice President	Malcolm Frank, Executive Vice President Strategy & Marketing, 
Malcolm Frank	employee_of	Strategy & Marketing	Malcolm Frank, Executive Vice President Strategy & Marketing, 
Karen McLoughlin	title	Chief Financial Officer	Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer 
Rajeev Mehta	title	Chief Executive Officer	Rajeev Mehta, Chief Executive Officer IT Services, 
Rajeev Mehta	employee_of	IT Services	Rajeev Mehta, Chief Executive Officer IT Services, 
Steven Schwartz	title	Executive Vice President	Steven Schwartz, Executive Vice President Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer 
Steven Schwartz	title	Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer	Steven Schwartz, Executive Vice President Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer 
Sridhar Thiruvengadam	title	Chief Operating Officer	Sridhar Thiruvengadam, Chief Operating Officer
