Thomas E. Richards	title	Chairman	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team., Read More, 
Thomas E. Richards	title	Chief Executive Officer	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team., Read More, 
Dennis G. Berger	title	Senior Vice President	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7, 000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning., Read More, 
Dennis G. Berger	title	Chief Coworker Services Officer	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7, 000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning., Read More, 
Neil Fairfield	title	Vice President	Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing., Read More, 
Neil Fairfield	title	Controller	Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing., Read More, 
Collin Kebo	title	Vice President	Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses., Read More, 
Sari L. Macrie	title	Vice President	Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution. , Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Vice President	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Treasurer	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Assistant Secretary	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Ann Ziegler	title	senior vice president	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare., Read More, 
Ann Ziegler	title	chief financial officer	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare., Read More, 
