
	1John R. Strangfeld	,  	2Chairman	 and 	2CEO	, Prudential Financial, Inc.
	1John Strangfeld	,  is 	2chairman	 and 	2chief executive officer	 of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. With 140 years of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. Prudential's businesses include life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, and investment management. In 2016, Prudential ranked No. 1 in FORTUNE ®, ,  magazine's listing of the "World's Most Admired Companies ®, , ” in the “Insurance: Life and Health” category, and the company has held one of the top three spots in this annual ranking since 2010. In addition to its financial strength, Prudential has a strong reputation in social responsibility, and a long-standing commitment to diversity and workplace inclusion. Before Mr. Strangfeld was named chairman and CEO in 2008, he was vice chairman responsible for Prudential's U.S. Businesses, which include both the Investment and the Insurance Divisions. Prior to his position as vice chairman, Mr. Strangfeld held a variety of senior investment positions at Prudential Financial, both within the United States and abroad. Mr. Strangfeld received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Susquehanna University, and an MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. Mr. Strangfeld remains very involved with his alma maters. He is now in his 10th year as chairman of the Board of Trustees of Susquehanna University, and served for 12 years as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Darden School Foundation. In 2005, Mr. Strangfeld initiated and continues to sponsor a scholarship program for military officers seeking to transition into leadership roles in civilian life via an MBA at Darden. Additionally, he is actively pursuing ways for Prudential and other corporations to support Veterans as they re-enter civilian life. Mr. Strangfeld serves as a vice chairman of the Geneva Association. He is chair of the Board of Directors of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, and serves as a member of the Board of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
	1Mark B. Grier	,  	2Vice Chairman	
Mark B. Grier, , a member of Prudential Financial's Office of the Chairman and of its board of directors, oversees the Finance, Risk Management, Chief Investment, Corporate Actuarial, Investor Relations, Global Business & Technology Solutions, Audit and Global Marketing and Communications functions. In addition, Mr. Grier leads Global Strategic Initiatives, which oversees Prudential's international retirement and China strategies. Mr. Grier joined Prudential as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in May 1995, with responsibility for oversight of Treasury, Controllers, Tax and business line CFO functions. In 2002, he was named Vice Chairman, with responsibility for Financial Management. Before joining Prudential, Mr. Grier was co-head of Chase Global Markets and an Executive Vice President of The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. In 1987, he was named Individual Banking Financial Management executive for The Chase Manhattan Corporation's Retail Banking businesses. He was also previously responsible for Chase's Business Policy, Asset Management and Financial Control and Analysis Divisions. In 1983, Mr. Grier served as senior vice president of Lincoln First Bank, N. A., a forerunner of Chase Lincoln First Bank, N.A. He also served as Global Risk Management executive and treasurer of the bank and its parent company, Lincoln First Banks, Inc. In 1981, Mr. Grier assumed the position of economic and financial policy manager for the bank. He continued in these positions after The Chase Manhattan Corporation acquired Lincoln First in July 1984. Mr. Grier began his career at Lincoln First in 1978 as an economic analyst. Mr. Grier was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He attended Eastern Illinois University where he received a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in economics. Mr. Grier also earned an MBA in finance and corporate accounting from The University of Rochester.
	1Charles F. Lowrey	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Chief Operating Officer	, International
Charles F. Lowrey,  is executive vice president and chief operating officer of Prudential’s International businesses. Prior to assuming his current role in April 2014, Lowrey was executive vice president and chief operating officer of Prudential’s U.S. businesses. Previously, Lowrey served as president and CEO of Prudential Financial’s asset management business, and before that as CEO of Prudential Real Estate Investors. He joined Prudential in March 2001. Before joining Prudential, Lowrey was a managing director and head of the Americas for J.P. Morgan’s Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking group, where he began his investment banking career in 1988. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan, Lowrey spent four years as a managing partner of an architecture firm he founded in New York City. During this time, he became a registered New York architect. Lowrey received an MBA from Harvard University, a master’s degree in architecture from Yale University, and a bachelor’s degree in architecture from Princeton University.
	1Stephen Pelletier	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Chief Operating Officer	, U.S. Businesses
Stephen Pelletier,  is executive vice president and chief operating officer of Prudential’s U.S.-based businesses, comprising PGIM (the Global Investment Businesses of Prudential Financial), Prudential Retirement, Prudential Annuities, Individual Life Insurance and Group Insurance, which together had approximately $1.19 trillion as of March 31, 2016. Before he assumed his current role, Pelletier was CEO of Group Insurance, where he had overall responsibility for the business, which provides employee benefits solutions, including Group Life, Disability and Group Nonqualified Benefit Funding programs. Previously, Pelletier served as president of Prudential Annuities and chairman and CEO of Prudential International Investments, where he was responsible for Prudential’s investment management business in international markets. He joined Prudential in 1992. Pelletier received a bachelor’s degree from Northwestern University and a master’s degree from Yale University. He serves on the American Council of Life Insurers board of directors, the Business Executive Cabinet for the Rutgers Institute for Ethical Leadership and on the Trust Board of Perkins School for the Blind.
	1Timothy P. Harris	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	
Timothy Harris,  was appointed executive vice president and general counsel for Prudential Financial in October 2015. Prior to that, Harris served as the deputy general counsel since 2008. In that role, Harris served as the chief legal officer for Prudential’s U.S. Businesses. In 2014 and in addition to his role as deputy general counsel, Harris was named chief operating officer of LCBE, in recognition of his work in guiding the department through several cross-functional accomplishments, as well as his work and commitment to the oversight and advancement of LCBE Operations.
	1Robert Falzon	,  	2Executive Vice President	 & 	2Chief Financial Officer	
Robert Falzon,  is executive vice president and chief financial officer of Prudential Financial, Inc. Appointed to this position in March 2013, Falzon oversees global financial management matters, including financial reporting, treasury, tax, and mergers and acquisitions.
	1Sharon C. Taylor	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Corporate Human Resources	
Sharon C. Taylor,  is senior vice president, Human Resources, and chair of The Prudential Foundation. The Prudential Foundation invests more than $25 million in grants to promote strong communities and improve social outcomes in the places where their employees work and live. Taylor is the top Human Resources Officer reporting to the Chairman and is accountable for HR policies, strategies, programs and infrastructure that support Prudential’s domestic and international businesses. She chairs several key committees, such as the Human Resources Policy Committee and the Investment Oversight Committee. She is also accountable for oversight of Prudential’s Office of Corporate Social Responsibility, which includes the company’s foundation, social investments, corporate contributions and employee engagement initiatives, and the firm’s Global Security and Business Continuation functions. Prior to Taylor’s current appointment, she served as corporate vice president, Human Resources, accountable for leading Human Resources' 13 Centers of Excellence. She has also served as corporate vice president, Human Resources, and ethics officer for Prudential’s Domestic Insurance Group and vice president, Human Resources, for Prudential Financial’s Operations and Systems Group. Taylor has held leadership roles in Prudential Financial’s Minority Interchange and is a founding member of the company’s Black Leadership Forum. Taylor serves as chair of the Newark Alliance and is on the Executive Committee of the Newark Regional Business Partnership. She also sits on the boards of the American Repertory Ballet, the Montclair Museum, the Human Resources Policy Association, the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation and the Advisory Board of the National Council of La Raza. In 2012, she was elected to the Board of Directors of New Jersey Resources. Taylor graduated magna cum laude,  from Temple University, where she earned a bachelor's degree in foreign languages.
	1Barbara G. Koster	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	
Barbara G. Koster,  is senior vice president and chief information officer for Prudential Financial, Inc., and head of the Global Business & Technology Solutions Department. She has oversight responsibility for information technology at all Prudential locations worldwide and ensures the privacy and integrity of Prudential’s information. She formulates policies, establishes standards and architectures, and develops guidelines and management practices. Koster also manages the company’s global networks, data centers and other technology infrastructure; and oversees the company’s Veterans Initiatives, a companywide program that supports recruiting and other initiatives that help veterans transition from military to civilian life. In addition, Koster is chairman of the board of Pramerica Systems Ireland, Ltd. and founding member of Prudential Systems Japan, Ltd., both technology subsidiaries of Prudential Financial, Inc. Koster joined Prudential in November 1995 as vice president and chief information officer in Individual Life Insurance Systems, where she was responsible for a wide range of technologies, including those that support distribution, policy administration, customer relationship, business strategy, call centers, service delivery, financial systems, information security, business continuation and architecture. Prior to joining Prudential, Koster held several positions with Chase Manhattan Bank, including that of president of Chase Access Services. In 2013, she was inducted into Junior Achievement’s New Jersey Business Hall of Fame. In 2011, NJ Biz newspaper named Koster one of the “Best 50 Women in Business.” She was named CIO of the Year in 2008 by the Executive Council and listed among the top Executive Women of New Jersey. She also has been named among the Premier IT Leaders by Computerworld magazine; the Top 20 Financial Management Technologists by the CIO Forum; and the Elite Eight by Insurance & Technology magazine. Koster received the 1999 Women in Science and Technology award from the Smithsonian Institute. She has been a featured speaker at dozens of national and international industry conferences. Koster has an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree, a bachelor’s degree in business administration and an associate of science degree in computer technology from St. Francis College. She is a member and past chair of ACORD (a standards body for the life insurance industry) and currently serves on the boards of trustees of Liberty Science Center in New Jersey and St. Francis College. Koster also is a member of Executive Women in NJ and The Research Board, an international think tank.
	1Richard Lambert	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Actuary	
Richard Lambert,  is senior vice president and chief actuary of Prudential Financial, Inc. In this role, Lambert oversees all actuarial functions across Prudential and reports to the board of directors on actuarial matters. Previously, Lambert served as senior vice president and chief actuary of Prudential's International Insurance (PII) division. He was responsible for reserve and asset adequacy testing for PII's U.S. statutory liabilities, helped develop the company's Economic Capital framework and oversaw PII's Economic Capital analysis. In addition, he led the conversion of all of PII's operations to a common actuarial software system, developed a common source of earnings analysis for international operations and helped to evaluate potential acquisitions, including Star and Edison. Prior to joining PII, Lambert was vice president and actuary in Prudential's domestic Individual Life Insurance business from 1996 to 2004. During that time, he had a variety of responsibilities, including new product design and pricing, determining the allocation of stock to individual life insurance customers in connection with Prudential's demutualization, establishing dividends for closed block policies, conducting experience and source of earnings analysis, and supporting expense and capital management. He joined Prudential in 1978 after graduating from Princeton University with a bachelor's degree in mathematics and has held a wide variety of assignments, including serving as chief actuary of Pruco Life from 1993 to 1996. Lambert is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, a chartered enterprise risk analyst, a member of the American Academy of Actuaries, a chartered financial analyst, a chartered life underwriter, a chartered financial consultant, and attended Columbia University Business School's Executive Program in Business Administration.
	1Nick Silitch	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Risk Officer	
Nick Silitch,  is senior vice president, chief risk officer of Prudential Financial, Inc. In this role, Silitch oversees Prudential’s risk management infrastructure and risk profile across all business lines and risk types. Under his direction, his team develops models, metrics, frameworks and governance to manage risk, and works with internal corporate partners and business groups to identify, assess and prioritize risk across the company. He is chairman of the organization’s Enterprise Risk Committee that evaluates current and emerging risks relevant to the company, and is a member of Prudential’s Senior Management Council. Silitch also works with external stakeholder groups to forward industry interests. He is head of the International Affairs Committee for the North American Chief Risk Officers’ Council, and is a member of the Advisory Council for the International Association of Credit Portfolio Managers. Silitch joined Prudential in 2010 as chief credit officer and head of investment risk management, overseeing Prudential’s general account and other proprietary investment risks globally, as well as maintaining and approving Delegations of Authority and Investment Policy Statements. Prior to joining Prudential, Silitch held the position of chief risk officer of the Alternative Investment Services, Broker Dealer Services and Pershing businesses within Bank of New York Mellon. He also served on the Pershing Executive Committee. Silitch joined Bank of New York Mellon in 1983 as a credit trainee. Throughout his career at the bank, he held senior positions in client management, investor relations, risk management, loan restructuring, credit portfolio management and Basel compliance. He received a bachelor's degree in economics from Colby College.
	1Scott Sleyster	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Investment Officer	
Scott Sleyster,  is senior vice president and chief investment officer for Prudential Financial, Inc., responsible for asset/liability management, portfolio construction and investment strategy for Prudential’s International and Domestic business operations. He also oversees the Company’s alternative asset investing and the hedging of variable annuity guarantees. Sleyster is a member of Prudential’s Senior Management Council and chairs the Senior Asset Liability Committee. Since joining Prudential, Sleyster has served in a variety of leadership positions including his current role of chief investment officer, head of Prudential’s Full-Service Retirement business, president of Prudential’s Guaranteed Products business, and chief financial officer for Prudential’s Employee Benefits Division. Additionally, Sleyster has held roles in Prudential’s Treasury, Derivatives, and Investment Management units. Sleyster has played an active role in the development of U.S. retirement policy and has supported legislative efforts to promote the formation of new retirement plans, expand coverage under existing plans and increase overall levels of retirement savings. He was appointed by President Bush and Congress as a delegate to the National Summit on Retirement Savings in 2002 and 2006. In October 2009, he testified before Congress on the Reform of the Over-the-Counter Derivative Market. In 2003, he testified to the Congressional Committee on Education and the Workforce at a public hearing on The Pension Security Act. In 2005, he was named a delegate to the White House Conference on Aging. Sleyster currently serves as Prudential's representative to the Institute for International Finance's (IIF) Committee on Asset and Investment Management. In this capacity he has presented views on long term investing at several prominent international conferences including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's High Level Roundtables in May 2013 and June 2014 and the IIF's G-20 Conference in February 2014. He holds an MBA from Northwestern University and earned a finance degree, with distinction, from the University of Missouri. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of The New York Society of Security Analysts, Inc.
http://www.prudential.com/view/page/public/15293