
Executive Leadership Team, 
Executive Leadership, 
Warner Baxter is chairman, president and chief executive officer of St. Louis-based Ameren Corporation, parent company of rate-regulated utilities that serve more, than 2.4 million electric and nearly 900, 000 natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri. (more, )
Richard J. Mark is chairman and president of Ameren Illinois Company. He is responsible for electric and natural gas distribution to more, than 1.2 million electric and 806, 000 natural gas customers across three-quarters of the state of Illinois. (more, )
Michael Moehn was elected chairman and president of Ameren Missouri on April 1, 2014. He is responsible for Missouri's largest energy provider in serving more, than 1.2 million electric and natural gas customers. (more, )
Maureen A. Borkowski is chairman and president of Ameren Transmission Company (ATX) - a subsidiary dedicated to electric transmission infrastructure investment. In addition to leading the development of new transmission, she is also responsible (more, )
Mark Birk is senior vice president, Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight. Prior to assuming this position, he had served as senior vice president, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management since 2012, vice president of Power Operations (more, )
Fadi Diya is senior vice president and chief nuclear officer (CNO) for Ameren Missouri. Diya is responsible for all of Ameren Missouri's nuclear operations. (more, ), 
Mary P. Heger is senior vice president and chief information officer (CIO) for Ameren Services, a subsidiary of Ameren Corporation. She directs the staff responsible for all IT application development, infrastructure, networks and future business technologies. (more, ), 
Mark C. Lindgren is vice president of Human Resources for Ameren where he directs the staff responsible for all Human Resources, Corporate Communications and Corporate Philanthropy. (more, )
Martin J. Lyons is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Ameren Corporation. In his current position, Lyons is responsible for corporate planning, risk management, financial accounting and reporting, tax planning and compliance, treasury and investor relations functions. (more, )
Gregory L. Nelson is senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of Ameren, where he is responsible for the legal, federal legislative and security functions for the corporation. (more, )
https://www.ameren.com/about/leadership