
Corporate Banking,  Corporate Lending With experts deployed in industry-focused teams, BB&T Capital Markets offers clients a broad array of lending options that are designed to help businesses thrive. Derivatives The BB&T Capital Markets Derivatives Group uses a variety of sophisticated financial tools to help clients hedge their interest rate risk in all sorts of market conditions. Syndicated Finance BB&T has formed strong relationships with other financial institutions nationwide, which allows us to provide our clients with access to broad and deep syndicated lending pools. Supply Chain Finance BB&T financing programs help buyers and sellers gain more efficiency from the supply chain process. Commercial Mortgage As a national full-service leader in commercial real estate finance, Grandbridge Real Estate Capital provides the vital link between complex market conditions, capital and clients. Treasury Management Our award-winning, customer-centered approach and commitment to innovation helps us build custom-tailored systems that fit our clients' needs. Deposit Services BB&T Capital Markets has access to expertise and tools to help you manage your cash and short-term asset positions most effectively. Commercial Insurance McGriff, Seibels & Williams, Inc., views itself as a partner to its clients, not just an insurer. It is part of BB&T Holdings, Inc., one of the 10 largest insurance brokers in the nation. Equipment Leasing & Lending BB&T Equipment Finance creates flexible equipment financing programs for companies in fields ranging from manufacturing and medicine to air, rail, maritime and trucking. Retirement & Institutional Services BB&T Retirement & Institutional Services offers award-winning services to organizations that want to establish or improve retirement plans for their executives and employees. Wealth Management We can help with a full range of needs, including personal financial planning, estate planning and trusts. Corporate Bankers List
Corporate Lending,  With experts deployed in industry-focused teams, BB&T Capital Markets offers clients a broad array of lending options that are designed to help businesses thrive. Derivatives The BB&T Capital Markets Derivatives Group uses a variety of sophisticated financial tools to help clients hedge their interest rate risk in all sorts of market conditions. Syndicated Finance BB&T has formed strong relationships with other financial institutions nationwide, which allows us to provide our clients with access to broad and deep syndicated lending pools. Supply Chain Finance BB&T financing programs help buyers and sellers gain more efficiency from the supply chain process. Commercial Mortgage As a national full-service leader in commercial real estate finance, Grandbridge Real Estate Capital provides the vital link between complex market conditions, capital and clients.
Commercial Mortgage,  As a national full-service leader in commercial real estate finance, Grandbridge Real Estate Capital provides the vital link between complex market conditions, capital and clients.
Commercial Insurance,  McGriff, Seibels & Williams, Inc., views itself as a partner to its clients, not just an insurer. It is part of BB&T Holdings, Inc., one of the 10 largest insurance brokers in the nation.
Research,  Equity Research,  Library Access to all of our reports Login   Video Library Insights to industry trends View All 14-15Sep2016 3rd Annual BB&T Private Equity Conference The Inn at Palmetto, Bluffton, SC Learn More View All Conferences
14-15Sep2016 3rd Annual BB&T Private Equity Conference The Inn at Palmetto, Bluffton, SC Learn More View All Conferences, 
Why BB&T,  BB&T was named among the Top 20 of the World's Strongest Banks in May 2012 by Bloomberg Markets magazine. View All Awards & Distinctions BB&T Corp. is the 11th largest financial holding company in the US with more than $184 billion in assets concentrated in investment banking, corporate banking, retail banking, insurance and wealth management lines. View All Financial Information What makes BB&T Capital Markets the right choice? W. Rufus Yates - President & CEO BB&T Securities Meet Our Senior Management Team
What makes BB&T Capital Markets the right choice?,  W. Rufus Yates - President & CEO BB&T Securities Meet Our Senior Management Team
	1W. Rufus Yates	 - 	2President	 & 	2CEO	, 
What makes BB&T Capital Markets the right choice? W. Rufus Yates - President & CEO BB&T Securities Meet Our Senior Management Team, 
	1W. Rufus Yates	, 	2Sr. Exec. VP	, BB&T Corp., 	2President	 & 	2CEO	, BB&T Securities, 336-733-2715,  email Download My vCard View Bio, 
	1John B. Jung Jr.	,  	2Senior Managing Director	, Head of BB&T Capital Markets, 804-649-3972,  email Download My vCard View Bio, 
	1Merlin T. Grim	, 	2Finance & Chief Risk Officer	, BB&T Securities, 804-649-3968,  email Download My vCard View Bio, 
	1Cory P. Boyte	, 	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Corporate Banking Manager	, 336-733-2759,  email Download My vCard View Bio, 
Check the background of BB&T Capital Markets on FINRA's BrokerCheck, .
Sitemap,  Connect with Us on LinkedIn, 
http://www.bbt.com/capmarkets/why-bbt/senior-management-team.page
