
Mobile Risk Assessment, 
Mobile Risk Assessment, 
Mobile First, 
About Cognizant,  >, Company Overview,  >, Corporate Governance, >, Executive Leadership, 
Executive Leadership, 
Chandra sekaran, Gordon Coburn, FRANCISCO D'SOUZA, Malcolm Frank, Karen McLoughlin, Rajeev Mehta, Steven Schwartz, Sridhar Thiruvengadam, 
Ramakrishnan Chandrasekaran, Executive Vice Chairman, Cognizant India, 
Gordon Coburn, President, 
Click to Follow, Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive Officer Mr. D’Souza is Cognizant’s CEO and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. As CEO, he is responsible for managing Cognizant’s growth as a leading provider of global consulting, information technology and outsourcing services. During his tenure as CEO, Cognizant’s employee base has grown from 55, 000 to over 230, 000. As a result of its strong growth, Cognizant has been named a member of the S&P 500, the Fortune 500, the Forbes Global 2000 and one of Forbes' Fastest Growing Tech Companies.  Mr. D’Souza joined Cognizant as a co-founder in 1994–the year it was started as a division of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. He has served on the Board of Directors of General Electric Company since 2013, where he is a member of the Audit Committee and the Science and Technology Committee. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University,  as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors of The New York Hall of Science and on the Board of Directors of the U.S.-India Business Council. He is a member of the World Economic Forum and the Science Visiting Council for the acclaimed PBS science program, NOVA. The son of an Indian diplomat, Mr. D’Souza is a global citizen who has lived in nine different countries and traveled to many others. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Macau and his MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University.
Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive Officer, 
Malcolm Frank, Executive Vice President, Strategy & Marketing, 
Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer, 
Rajeev Mehta, Chief Executive Officer, IT Services, 
Steven Schwartz, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, 
Sridhar Thiruvengadam, Chief Operating Officer, 
Mobile Risk Assessment, 
http://www.cognizant.com/company-overview/executive-leadership