Greg Ebel	title	chairman	Greg Ebel is chairman, president and chief executive officer of Spectra Energy Corp. He also is chairman of the board, president and chief execut... ,  Gregory L. Ebel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Greg Ebel	title	president	Greg Ebel is chairman, president and chief executive officer of Spectra Energy Corp. He also is chairman of the board, president and chief execut... ,  Gregory L. Ebel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Greg Ebel	title	chief executive officer	Greg Ebel is chairman, president and chief executive officer of Spectra Energy Corp. He also is chairman of the board, president and chief execut... ,  Gregory L. Ebel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Dorothy Ables	title	chief administrative officer	Dorothy Ables is chief administrative officer of Spectra Energy Corp, responsible for the company's information technology, human resources, suppor... ,  Dorothy M. Ables Chief Administrative Officer,
Dorothy Ables	employee_of	Spectra Energy Corp	Dorothy Ables is chief administrative officer of Spectra Energy Corp, responsible for the company's information technology, human resources, suppor... ,  Dorothy M. Ables Chief Administrative Officer,
Steve Baker	title	president	Steve Baker is president of Union Gas, a Spectra Energy company and one of Ontario's largest natural gas utilities. Prior to becoming... ,  Stephen W. Baker President, Union Gas Limited,
Steve Baker	employee_of	Union Gas	Steve Baker is president of Union Gas, a Spectra Energy company and one of Ontario's largest natural gas utilities. Prior to becoming... ,  Stephen W. Baker President, Union Gas Limited,
Guy Buckley	title	chief development officer	Guy Buckley is chief development officer of Spectra Energy. He leads the company’s project execution, project management, economic evaluation, stra... ,  Guy G. Buckley Chief Development Officer,
Guy Buckley	employee_of	Spectra Energy	Guy Buckley is chief development officer of Spectra Energy. He leads the company’s project execution, project management, economic evaluation, stra... ,  Guy G. Buckley Chief Development Officer,
Julie Dill	title	chief communications officer	Julie Dill is chief communications officer for Spectra Energy. She is responsible for directing the company’s communications with internal and exte... ,  Julie Dill Chief Communications Officer,
Julie Dill	employee_of	Spectra Energy	Julie Dill is chief communications officer for Spectra Energy. She is responsible for directing the company’s communications with internal and exte... ,  Julie Dill Chief Communications Officer,
Mark Fiedorek	title	president	Mark Fiedorek is president of Spectra Energy Transmission's western Canadian operations, responsible for four of the company’s western-based divisi... ,  R. Mark Fiedorek President, Spectra Energy Transmission West & Canadian LNG,
Reginald Hedgebeth	title	general counsel	Reginald Hedgebeth is general counsel and chief ethics and compliance officer for Spectra Energy Corp and general counsel for Spectra Energy Partne... ,  Reginald D. Hedgebeth General Counsel,
Reginald Hedgebeth	title	chief ethics and compliance officer	Reginald Hedgebeth is general counsel and chief ethics and compliance officer for Spectra Energy Corp and general counsel for Spectra Energy Partne... ,  Reginald D. Hedgebeth General Counsel,
Pat Reddy	title	chief financial officer	Pat Reddy is chief financial officer of Spectra Energy Corp and serves on the board of DCP Midstream. He also is chief financial officer of Spectra... ,  John Patrick Reddy Chief Financial Officer,
Pat Reddy	employee_of	Spectra Energy Corp	Pat Reddy is chief financial officer of Spectra Energy Corp and serves on the board of DCP Midstream. He also is chief financial officer of Spectra... ,  John Patrick Reddy Chief Financial Officer,
Bill Yardley	title	president	Bill Yardley is president of Spectra Energy’s U.S. Transmission and Storage business, responsible for the company’s extensive network of natural ga... ,  William T. Yardley President, U.S. Transmission,
Bill Yardley	employee_of	Spectra Energy’s U.S	Bill Yardley is president of Spectra Energy’s U.S. Transmission and Storage business, responsible for the company’s extensive network of natural ga... ,  William T. Yardley President, U.S. Transmission,
