Thomas E. Richards	title	Chairman	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team., Read More, 
Thomas E. Richards	title	Chief Executive Officer	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team., Read More, 
Dennis G. Berger	title	Senior Vice President	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7, 000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning., Read More, 
Dennis G. Berger	title	Chief Coworker Services Officer	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7, 000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning., Read More, 
Neal J. Campbell	title	chief executive officer	Neal J. Campbell is responsible for the strategy and development of CDW’s advertising, public relations, channel marketing, marketing intelligence and research, merchandising, microsites, creative services and direct marketing content, along with relationship marketing, corporate communications and e-commerce initiatives including content development, online marketing and e-procurement. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Campbell served as chief executive officer of TrafficCast, a provider of real-time and predictive traffic information to Google, Yahoo and others. He also served as executive vice president and general manager of strategic marketing and next generation products for ISCO International. Campbell spent 17 years with Motorola, most recently as vice president and general manager of GSM portfolio marketing and planning for the company’s mobile device business. Campbell earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University and an M.B.A. in finance and marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.  He serves on the Board of Directors of Junior Achievement of Chicago and is on the Executive Advisory Council of Bradley University.                  Read Less, 
Christina M. Corley	title	president	Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek. Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. Read Less, 
Christina M. Corley	title	chief operating officer	Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek. Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. Read Less, 
Christina M. Corley	title	chief executive officer	Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek. Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. Read Less, 
Douglas E. Eckrote	title	director	Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and assumed his current role in 2009. Prior to joining CDW, Eckrote worked in outside sales for Arrow Electronics and Cintas Uniform Company. Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders. Read Less, 
Douglas E. Eckrote	title	vice president	Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and assumed his current role in 2009. Prior to joining CDW, Eckrote worked in outside sales for Arrow Electronics and Cintas Uniform Company. Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders. Read Less, 
Douglas E. Eckrote	title	senior vice president	Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and assumed his current role in 2009. Prior to joining CDW, Eckrote worked in outside sales for Arrow Electronics and Cintas Uniform Company. Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders. Read Less, 
Neil Fairfield	title	Vice President	Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing., Read More, 
Neil Fairfield	title	Controller	Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing., Read More, 
Collin Kebo	title	Vice President	Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses., Read More, 
Collin Kebo	title	Chief Financial Officer	Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses., Read More, 
Christine A. Leahy	title	general counsel	Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Prior to joining CDW in 2002 as the Company’s first general counsel, Leahy was a corporate partner in the Chicago office of Sidley Austin LLP. Leahy earned her bachelor’s degree from Brown University and J.D. from Boston College Law School. She completed the CEO Perspective Program at Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, as well as the Women’s Director Development Program at Kellogg. Leahy is Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Children’s Home and Aid. She is also a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Network. In addition, Leahy is a founder and current sponsor of CDW’s Women’s Opportunity Network, a business resource group dedicated to helping women advance and grow into tomorrow’s leaders.   Read Less, 
Sari L. Macrie	title	Vice President	Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution. , Read More, 
Christina V. Rother	title	vice president	Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. After joining CDW in 1991 as an  account manager, Rother quickly rose through the ranks. In 1998, she participated on the team that created CDW Government LLC (CDW-G), and in 2002 was appointed vice president for education, and state and local government sales. Rother’s responsibilities were expanded in 2005 when she was chosen to lead the company’s newly formed healthcare sales team. She served as group vice president of CDW-G from 2006 to 2009 when she became vice president of sales and president of CDW-G. In 2011, in addition to retaining her position as CDW-G president, Rother was promoted to senior vice president of sales, focusing on public sector and advanced technology sales. Prior to joining the company, Rother held a number of sales positions with technology companies including Laser Computers and Price Electronics. Rother earned a B.S. from the University of Illinois at Chicago. In addition to fostering educational improvements through her work at CDW-G, she also serves as chair of the board for the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Illinois. Read Less, 
Jonathan J. Stevens	title	vice president	Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR. Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC Read Less, 
Jonathan J. Stevens	title	chief information officer	Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR. Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC Read Less, 
Jonathan J. Stevens	title	vice president	Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR. Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC Read Less, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Vice President	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Treasurer	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki	title	Assistant Secretary	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration., Read More, 
Ann Ziegler	title	senior vice president	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare., Read More, 
Ann Ziegler	title	chief financial officer	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare., Read More, 
