
Wireless Residential Business About Verizon Set location × Set Your Location Your Location Remove my location Set my location About Verizon Toggle navigation Our Company Who We Are Verizon At A Glance Our Culture Diversity & Inclusion History & Timeline What We Do Overview Our Technology Innovation Programs Powerful Answers Award How We Operate Commitment & Values Code of Conduct Supplier Diversity Requirements Supplier FAQs Supplier Code of Conduct Public Policy & Regulatory State Government Affairs Partnerships Leadership Executive Bios Verizon’s executives often speak about technology, business strategy and industry issues at thought leadership forums. View these executive insights to understand where the industry is headed. Awards Awards & Recognition Innovation Workplace Excellence Diversity Supplier Diversity Corporate Responsibility Verizon is one of the largest communication technology companies in the world. Learn about our company history and timeline. See how our suite of innovative technology solutions is connecting people, growing businesses and economies, and providing powerful answers for the social challenges of our day. Integrity is at the heart of everything we do. Learn how the Verizon Credo, along with our code of conduct and company policies guide us to a high standard of performance. Meet the leadership team that’s championing the next generation of telecommunications and technology. We take pride in being recognized as industry leaders. View the accolades we’ve earned for our workplace excellence, outstanding customer service and diversity and inclusion initiatives. Responsibility Improving Communities Our Approach Education Empowering Educators Engaging Students Girls in STEM Healthcare Sustainability Employees Impacting People Through Our Employees Through Our Work HopeLine About HopeLine Get Educated Get Involved Organizations & Grants Contact HopeLine HopeLine FAQs HopeLine from Verizon turns no-longer-used wireless phones and accessories into support for victims of domestic violence. Product Responsibility Our Commitment Accessibility Product Sustainability Online Safety Frauds and Scams We are committed to offering products and services that are safe, easy to use and environmentally conscious. Delivering Results Results Reports Policies Employee & Retiree Giving Login Retiree Information Grants   We strive to be a responsible and committed community partner. Learn about our approach and the initiatives taken to address social issues in education, healthcare and sustainability. Learn what responsibility means to Verizon and how our employees are using their skills and interests to give back to communities in need. We track both the business and social value of our efforts to be responsible corporate citizens. See how we performed versus plan, and what we hope to accomplish next. Record your volunteer hours and register gifts. Log in using your email and password. New applications are by invitation only. News All News Releases News Releases Investor News All Featured Articles Product & Services Entertainment & Lifestyle Careers & Culture Corporate Responsibility Public Policy Media Contacts Wireless   Welcome to the Verizon News Center, the best place for breaking news and powerful stories on technology. Investors Financial Reporting Summary SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Reports Stock Information Dividend History Fixed Income Schedule of Outstanding Debt News & Events Investor News Investor Webcasts Investor Calendar RSS Feed Email Alerts Corporate Governance Governance Framework Selected Policies Board of Directors Committees & Charters Shareowner Services Investor Information Stock Transfer Agent Cost Basis Shareowner FAQs Contact Investor Relations Contacts Stay informed about our financial performance by viewing the latest quarterly and annual reports, stock information and other investor-related news. Stay informed about Verizon financial news by reading the latest investor news and quarterly earnings and listening to investor webcasts. Verizon’s corporate governance is designed around the interests of our shareowners. Learn about our distinguished Board of Directors, our governance framework, code of conduct and more. Verizon shareowners can manage transactions, access investment-related resources and documents and more. Get in touch with our shareowner services and investor relations staff for inquiries related to Verizon’s financials.  Careers Search Careers Career Areas Explore Opportunities Sales Retail Sales Inside Sales Enterprise Sales B2B Sales Customer Service Call Center In-store Technology Software Engineering Network Engineering Information Technology Research & Development Finance Marketing Corporate Operations Working Here What to Expect Our People Benefits Working Parents Tuition Assistance College Students From Campus to Career Internships & Co-ops Entry-level Leadership Development Programs Partnerships Military We Salute You Service Members Military Spouses Military Skills Matcher Contact A Military Recruiter Military FAQs Locations We Are Global We have a highly talented workforce in 150 countries around the globe. See our global presence and learn more about the opportunities available worldwide.   Events Calendar FAQs Search Careers See firsthand the possibilities that technology affords with a career at Verizon. Working here is more than just a job—it’s an opportunity to build a meaningful career with a cutting-edge company dedicated to transforming people’s lives through powerful technology. Explore your potential with Verizon and discover limitless opportunities to advance your career. Verizon is committed to helping military service members and their spouses launch fulfilling careers. Get training and professional development through our relationships with national organizations. We have a highly talented workforce in 150 countries. See our global presence and learn about career opportunities available worldwide. Verizon has a wide variety of events to help you connect with and learn more about our company. Verizon Search Search, 
Home, Our Company, Leadership, Executive Bios
Executive Bios, 
The Verizon Leadership team blends a history of industry expertise with visionary thinking. Meet the team that is championing the next generation of telecommunications and technology. If you'd like for a Verizon representative to speak at your upcoming event, please submit a speaker request form, . We will be in touch shortly after receiving your request.
Lowell C. McAdam, 
Roy H. Chestnutt, 
Tami Erwin, 
Christopher Formant, 
James J. Gerace, 
Roger Gurnani, 
Robert Mudge, 
Marc C. Reed, 
Diego Scotti, 
Francis J. Shammo, 
Craig Silliman, 
David Small, 
John G. Stratton, 
Marni M. Walden, 
http://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/executive-bios