Brian P. Hannasch	title	President	Brian P. Hannasch President and Chief Executive Officer,  Brian P. Hannasch holds the President and chief Executive Officer position since September 2014. Mr. Hannasch was previously Chief Operating Officer since 2010 and Senior Vice-President, U.S. Operations from 2008 to 2010. From 2004 to 2008, he was Senior Vice-President, Western North America and Vice President, Integration since 2003. In 2001, he was appointed Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations. From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225 unit convenience store chain in the U.S. Midwest acquired by Couche-Tard. From 1989 to 2000, Mr. Hannasch was employed by BP Amoco in various positions of increasing responsibility. His last position with BP Amoco was Vice President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit. Mr. Hannasch holds a B.A. in Finance from Iowa State University and an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the University of Chicago. Show more,
Brian P. Hannasch	title	Chief Executive Officer	Brian P. Hannasch President and Chief Executive Officer,  Brian P. Hannasch holds the President and chief Executive Officer position since September 2014. Mr. Hannasch was previously Chief Operating Officer since 2010 and Senior Vice-President, U.S. Operations from 2008 to 2010. From 2004 to 2008, he was Senior Vice-President, Western North America and Vice President, Integration since 2003. In 2001, he was appointed Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations. From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225 unit convenience store chain in the U.S. Midwest acquired by Couche-Tard. From 1989 to 2000, Mr. Hannasch was employed by BP Amoco in various positions of increasing responsibility. His last position with BP Amoco was Vice President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit. Mr. Hannasch holds a B.A. in Finance from Iowa State University and an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the University of Chicago. Show more,
Jean Bernier	title	Group President	Jean Bernier Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations,  Jean Bernier was appointed Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations on July 30, 2012. He has over 25 years of experience in the convenience store, fuel and grocery store sectors of the retail industry. Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Bernier was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation as well as President of Ultramar Ltd., the Canadian subsidiary of Valero where he was responsible for Valero’s retail operations as well as corporate functions of communications, supply chain management and information services. From 1996 to 2011, Mr. Bernier held various senior management roles with Ultramar Ltd, including Vice-President–Retail Operations in 1998-1999 and President since 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd, Mr. Bernier served for nine years in a variety of senior management positions at Provigo, Inc. and has previously held President, Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer level positions. Mr. Bernier holds a Master’s Degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo, Ontario as well as a Bachelor’s Degree from the Université de Montréal. Show more,
Jean Bernier	employee_of	Global Fuels and North-East Operations	Jean Bernier Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations,  Jean Bernier was appointed Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations on July 30, 2012. He has over 25 years of experience in the convenience store, fuel and grocery store sectors of the retail industry. Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Bernier was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation as well as President of Ultramar Ltd., the Canadian subsidiary of Valero where he was responsible for Valero’s retail operations as well as corporate functions of communications, supply chain management and information services. From 1996 to 2011, Mr. Bernier held various senior management roles with Ultramar Ltd, including Vice-President–Retail Operations in 1998-1999 and President since 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd, Mr. Bernier served for nine years in a variety of senior management positions at Provigo, Inc. and has previously held President, Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer level positions. Mr. Bernier holds a Master’s Degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo, Ontario as well as a Bachelor’s Degree from the Université de Montréal. Show more,
Darrell Davis	title	Senior Vice-President	Darrell Davis Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Darrell Davis was appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in May 2012. Previously, Mr. Davis had been Vice-President Operations, Florida since March 2011. He was previously Vice-President Operations, U.S. Midwest since December 2005. Previously, he has served Couche-Tard as Director of Operations, and later as Director of Marketing within the U.S. Midwest business unit. Mr. Davis joined Couche-Tard in 2002 when it acquired Dairy Mart, where he held the position of Vice-President, Operations of such corporation. Mr. Davis began his career in the convenience store industry over 30 years ago. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Management from the University of Louisville. Show more,
Darrell Davis	employee_of	Operations	Darrell Davis Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Darrell Davis was appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in May 2012. Previously, Mr. Davis had been Vice-President Operations, Florida since March 2011. He was previously Vice-President Operations, U.S. Midwest since December 2005. Previously, he has served Couche-Tard as Director of Operations, and later as Director of Marketing within the U.S. Midwest business unit. Mr. Davis joined Couche-Tard in 2002 when it acquired Dairy Mart, where he held the position of Vice-President, Operations of such corporation. Mr. Davis began his career in the convenience store industry over 30 years ago. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Management from the University of Louisville. Show more,
Geoffrey C. Haxel	title	Senior Vice-President	Geoffrey C. Haxel Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Geoffrey C. Haxel has been appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in January 2011. He was formerly Vice-President, Operations, U.S. Arizona Region since December 2003. Mr. Haxel served in a variety of operations and marketing positions since joining Circle K in 1988. Mr. Haxel began his career as a district manager trainee and also held the positions of sales manager, category manager and division manager. Prior to December 2003, Mr. Haxel served as Circle K’s Arizona Region Manager with responsibility for more than 600 sites in a four-state territory. Mr. Haxel has completed coursework toward a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Oklahoma. Show more,
Geoffrey C. Haxel	employee_of	Operations	Geoffrey C. Haxel Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Geoffrey C. Haxel has been appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in January 2011. He was formerly Vice-President, Operations, U.S. Arizona Region since December 2003. Mr. Haxel served in a variety of operations and marketing positions since joining Circle K in 1988. Mr. Haxel began his career as a district manager trainee and also held the positions of sales manager, category manager and division manager. Prior to December 2003, Mr. Haxel served as Circle K’s Arizona Region Manager with responsibility for more than 600 sites in a four-state territory. Mr. Haxel has completed coursework toward a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Oklahoma. Show more,
Hans-Olav Høidahl	title	Executive Vice-President	Hans-Olav Høidahl Executive Vice-President, Scandinavia,  Hans-Olav Hoeidahl has been appointed Executive Vice-President, Scandinavia,  on October 1, 2010. He was formerly Vice President for Energy Europe in the Statoil Group since 2006. He joined the company in 1992 and has held a variety of positions including director for customer service in Norway, manager for regional sales in Scandinavia, sales director for Norway, country manager for energy in Norway and Vice President for energy operations. Mr. Høidahl holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Norwegian School of Management.
Jørn Madsen	title	Executive Vice-President	Jørn Madsen Executive Vice-President, Central & Eastern Europe,  Joern Madsen has been appointed Executive Vice-President, Central & Eastern Europe,  on October 1, 2010. He was formerly Vice President for country operations in Statoil Energy & Retail since 2007. He joined Statoil in 1990 and held several management positions including Vice President for retail operations Europe, director of retail operations in Denmark, director of retail operations in the Baltic countries, director of category management in the Baltic countries, regional manager of retail operations in Denmark, and controller in Denmark. Mr. Madsen holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Copenhagen Business School.
Jørn Madsen	employee_of	Central & Eastern Europe	Jørn Madsen Executive Vice-President, Central & Eastern Europe,  Joern Madsen has been appointed Executive Vice-President, Central & Eastern Europe,  on October 1, 2010. He was formerly Vice President for country operations in Statoil Energy & Retail since 2007. He joined Statoil in 1990 and held several management positions including Vice President for retail operations Europe, director of retail operations in Denmark, director of retail operations in the Baltic countries, director of category management in the Baltic countries, regional manager of retail operations in Denmark, and controller in Denmark. Mr. Madsen holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Copenhagen Business School.
Alex Miller	title	Senior Vice President	Alex Miller Senior Vice President, Global Fuels,  Alex Miller was appointed Senior Vice-President Global Fuels on February 16, 2016. Previously, Mr. Miller had been Vice-President North American Fuels since October 2012.  He joined Couche-Tard in January 2012 as Director of Operations Midwest.   Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Miller was employed by Amoco Oil Corporation and BP plc. from August 1995 to November 2011, in various roles of increasing responsibility, both in Europe and the United States across retail operations, fuel supply and pricing, strategy and business development, and planning and performance management. His last role with BP plc. was Head of Strategy & Business Development for the US East of Rockies Downstream Fuel Value Chain. Mr. Miller holds a B.A. in Business Management from Southern Illinois University. Show more,
Alex Miller	employee_of	Global Fuels	Alex Miller Senior Vice President, Global Fuels,  Alex Miller was appointed Senior Vice-President Global Fuels on February 16, 2016. Previously, Mr. Miller had been Vice-President North American Fuels since October 2012.  He joined Couche-Tard in January 2012 as Director of Operations Midwest.   Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Miller was employed by Amoco Oil Corporation and BP plc. from August 1995 to November 2011, in various roles of increasing responsibility, both in Europe and the United States across retail operations, fuel supply and pricing, strategy and business development, and planning and performance management. His last role with BP plc. was Head of Strategy & Business Development for the US East of Rockies Downstream Fuel Value Chain. Mr. Miller holds a B.A. in Business Management from Southern Illinois University. Show more,
Claude Tessier	title	Chief Financial Officer	Claude Tessier Chief Financial Officer,  Claude Tessier was appointed Chief Financial Officer,  on January 22, 2016. Prior to joining the Corporation, Mr. Tessier held the position of President of the IGA Operations Business Unit at Sobeys Inc. from 2012 to 2016 and was a member of Sobeys Inc. Executive Committee. He joined the management team of Sobeys Quebec Inc. in 2003 as Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategic Planning. Mr. Tessier has spent most of his professional career in the Food industry after serving in several finance positions. Prior to his position with Sobeys Inc., Mr. Tessier gained more than 15 years of experience in senior financial leadership positions with Fly Furniture, Provigo and Costco, including in CFO and Vice President roles. He has also held management positions in Mallette International and PricewaterhouseCoopers (formerly Coopers & Lybrand). Furthermore, he has been involved with various social and community organizations, most notably the Fondation Charles‑Bruneau. He also participated in the fundraising campaign of the Fondation de l’Institut de tourisme et d’hôtellerie du Québec. Mr. Tessier holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree from the Université du Québec à Montréal (1986) and has been a member of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants since 1987. Show more
Dennis Tewell	title	Senior Vice-President	Dennis Tewell Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Dennis Tewell was appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in June 2013. Prior to his current appointment, Mr. Tewell held the position of Vice-President, Worldwide Franchise as he joined Couche-Tard in January 2011. In 1978, Mr. Tewell began his convenience industry career with Conna Corporation. He has served companies in the U.S. and the UK in a variety of marketing and operations positions, such as Conna Corporation, BP Oil (London, England), Dairy Mart, Swifty Services and recently at CVS/Caremark. These positions include Director of Franchising, Regional Director of Operations and Strategic Planning Coordinator, Vice-President of Operations, Vice-President of Franchising, Business Development, Senior Vice-President of Marketing and Area Vice-President. Mr. Tewell holds a MBA and a BA in Accounting from the Bellarmine University. Show more,
Dennis Tewell	employee_of	Operations	Dennis Tewell Senior Vice-President, Operations,  Dennis Tewell was appointed Senior Vice-President, Operations,  in June 2013. Prior to his current appointment, Mr. Tewell held the position of Vice-President, Worldwide Franchise as he joined Couche-Tard in January 2011. In 1978, Mr. Tewell began his convenience industry career with Conna Corporation. He has served companies in the U.S. and the UK in a variety of marketing and operations positions, such as Conna Corporation, BP Oil (London, England), Dairy Mart, Swifty Services and recently at CVS/Caremark. These positions include Director of Franchising, Regional Director of Operations and Strategic Planning Coordinator, Vice-President of Operations, Vice-President of Franchising, Business Development, Senior Vice-President of Marketing and Area Vice-President. Mr. Tewell holds a MBA and a BA in Accounting from the Bellarmine University. Show more,
