
Skip to main content,  Solutions About Us Our Company Our Values Leadership #WeAreXPO Technology Sustainability Safety Center News Work For Us Drive For Us Investors Contact Login Customer Carrier Change Country Supply Chain Solutions Omni-Channel Retail Aerospace and Government Automotive and Industrial Technology Food and Beverage Chemical Healthcare Oil and Gas Agribusiness Consumer Packaged Goods Managed Transportation Transportation Solutions Drayage Expedite Freight Brokerage Global Forwarding Intermodal Last Mile Less-Than-Truckload Truckload Managed Transportation XPO Around the Globe Belgium Brazil Chile China Czech Republic France Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Italy Luxembourg Morocco North America Poland Portugal Romania Russia Slovakia Spain Switzerland The Netherlands Ukraine United Kingdom ABOUT US OUR COMPANY XPO Logistics (NYSE: XPO) is a top ten global logistics company. We run our business as one, highly integrated network of people, technology and physical assets in 33 countries, with over 87,000 employees and 1,440 locations. We use our network to help customers manage their goods more efficiently throughout their supply chains.   Our company has two reporting segments: transportation and logistics. Within these segments, our business is well diversified by geographies, verticals and types of service. Most important, we’ve hired top shelf talent – seasoned operators and executives who know how help our more than 50,000 customers improve productivity and reduce costs.   In our logistics segment, we provide a range of supply chain services, including highly engineered solutions and high-value-add contract logistics. We perform e-commerce fulfillment, reverse logistics, factory and aftermarket support, packaging and labeling, distribution and managed transportation. In our transportation segment, we provide freight brokerage, last mile, expedite, intermodal, drayage, less-than-truckload, full truckload, and global forwarding services. We have a strong franchise in each of our service offerings, including leading positions in fast-growing areas such as e-fulfillment.   As companies increasingly turn to XPO for supply chain solutions, we empower our employees to deliver world-class customer service through our information technology. We have a global team of over 1,500 IT professionals who understand how to drive innovation for the benefit of our customers. We’ve built a highly scalable and integrated platform using on-cloud technology that differentiates XPO across all lines of business and enables rapid development.   Today, XPO Logistics is on the radar in every industry that requires transportation or logistics. We’re working closely with customers to look at their entire supply chains, from point of origin to the end-consumer, to identify the opportunities. This collaborative approach is a major reason why customers trust us with an average of 150,000 shipments and over five billion inventory units every day.   Awards and Recognitions Inbound Logistics (2016) names XPO a Top 75 Green Supply Chain Partner Fortune (2016) names XPO the fastest-growing company on the Fortune 500 list Forbes (2016) ranks XPO #17 among innovative growth companies, and #263 among America's best employers The French Ministry of the Environment and the French Environment and Energy Agency (2016) awards XPO the label “Objectif CO2” for outstanding environmental performance of transport operations in Europe Nissan Motor Manufacturing (2016) honors XPO for the third consecutive year for outstanding work as a logistics operator in the UK Home Depot (2015) names XPO mid-size truckload carrier of the year Whirlpool Corporation (2015) names XPO intermodal and LTL carrier of the year SmartWay (2015) honors XPO for excellence in environmental improvement Logistics dell’Anno Award (2015) honors XPO in Italy for supply chain innovation Shippers surveyed in the LTL Carrier Customer Value and Loyalty Report (2015, Mastio & Company) ranked XPO #1 among national LTL carriers for: trustworthiness; shipments picked up when promised; shipments delivered when promised; ability to meet appointment times for pick-up; shipments delivered with no shortages; competitive transit times; billing accuracy; and claims processing Become an XPO Customer (XPO: NYSE) Investor Relations Download an overview of our services Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Global Locations Useful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Business Terms Forward-Looking Statements Contact SiteMap A Message from XPO (disable for avoid POPUP) © 2016 XPO Logistics, Inc. All rights reserved.
XPO Logistics (NYSE: XPO) is a top ten global logistics company. We run our business as one, highly integrated network of people, technology and physical assets in 33 countries, with over 87,000 employees and 1,440 locations. We use our network to help customers manage their goods more efficiently throughout their supply chains.   Our company has two reporting segments: transportation and logistics. Within these segments, our business is well diversified by geographies, verticals and types of service. Most important, we’ve hired top shelf talent – seasoned operators and executives who know how help our more than 50,000 customers improve productivity and reduce costs.   In our logistics segment, we provide a range of supply chain services, including highly engineered solutions and high-value-add contract logistics. We perform e-commerce fulfillment, reverse logistics, factory and aftermarket support, packaging and labeling, distribution and managed transportation. In our transportation segment, we provide freight brokerage, last mile, expedite, intermodal, drayage, less-than-truckload, full truckload, and global forwarding services. We have a strong franchise in each of our service offerings, including leading positions in fast-growing areas such as e-fulfillment.   As companies increasingly turn to XPO for supply chain solutions, we empower our employees to deliver world-class customer service through our information technology. We have a global team of over 1,500 IT professionals who understand how to drive innovation for the benefit of our customers. We’ve built a highly scalable and integrated platform using on-cloud technology that differentiates XPO across all lines of business and enables rapid development.   Today, XPO Logistics is on the radar in every industry that requires transportation or logistics. We’re working closely with customers to look at their entire supply chains, from point of origin to the end-consumer, to identify the opportunities. This collaborative approach is a major reason why customers trust us with an average of 150,000 shipments and over five billion inventory units every day.   Awards and Recognitions,  Inbound Logistics (2016) names XPO a Top 75 Green Supply Chain Partner Fortune (2016) names XPO the fastest-growing company on the Fortune 500 list Forbes (2016) ranks XPO #17 among innovative growth companies, and #263 among America's best employers The French Ministry of the Environment and the French Environment and Energy Agency (2016) awards XPO the label “Objectif CO2” for outstanding environmental performance of transport operations in Europe Nissan Motor Manufacturing (2016) honors XPO for the third consecutive year for outstanding work as a logistics operator in the UK Home Depot (2015) names XPO mid-size truckload carrier of the year Whirlpool Corporation (2015) names XPO intermodal and LTL carrier of the year SmartWay (2015) honors XPO for excellence in environmental improvement Logistics dell’Anno Award (2015) honors XPO in Italy for supply chain innovation Shippers surveyed in the LTL Carrier Customer Value and Loyalty Report (2015, Mastio & Company) ranked XPO #1 among national LTL carriers for: trustworthiness; shipments picked up when promised; shipments delivered when promised; ability to meet appointment times for pick-up; shipments delivered with no shortages; competitive transit times; billing accuracy; and claims processing
Forbes,  (2016) ranks XPO #17 among innovative growth companies, and #263 among America's best employers
Facebook,  Twitter,  LinkedIn, 
https://www.con-way.com/en/about_con_way/leadership_bios