
Chemical Processing, Markets Air Separation Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and... Ammonia & Fertilizer We understand that boiler feedwater, steam, process condensate and cooling water have significant impact on reliability, operational efficiency and... Specialty Chemicals We develop specialized, innovative and long-term solutions to help you achieve operational efficiency and HSE compliance. Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and...
Air Separation Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and..., Ammonia & Fertilizer We understand that boiler feedwater, steam, process condensate and cooling water have significant impact on reliability, operational efficiency and..., Specialty Chemicals We develop specialized, innovative and long-term solutions to help you achieve operational efficiency and HSE compliance., 
Conventional Production Nalco Champion is a global leader in field-proven asset integrity and production enhancement solutions for conventional oil and gas operations., 
Pharmaceutical Enhance pharmaceutical product quality, sustainability and operational efficiency by working with the leader in clean-in-place solutions., 
Tire & Rubber Products Tire and rubber production processes have critical heating and cooling needs, and we know that managing your water use is essential to controlling..., 
Oil & Gas Midstream, Markets Gas Processing We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers. Transportation & Distribution We offer a suite of effective solutions, chemistries and services to our midstream customers. We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers.
Gas Processing We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers., Transportation & Distribution We offer a suite of effective solutions, chemistries and services to our midstream customers., 
Corrugated Box Your boiler is at the heart of your manufacturing process, and any interruption or variation in steam quality can quickly lead to poor bonding and..., 
Convenience Stores Convenience stores are a quick and accessible food solution for our time-starved, highly mobile society. Yet if you want to compete and grow in the..., 
Boiler Water Treatment, 
Sustainability, Chairman's Message Commitment to Sustainability, Customer Impact Water Risk Monetizer Water Stewardship Global Engagements Committed to Safety and Health Sustainability, Reports
Chairman's Message, Commitment to Sustainability, Customer Impact, Water Risk Monetizer, Water Stewardship, Global Engagements, Committed to Safety and Health, Sustainability Reports, 
Nicholas Alfano, 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr., 
Christophe Beck, 
Dr. Larry Berger, 
Alex Blanco, 
Darrell Brown, 
Angela Busch, 
Paul Chaffin, 
John Guttery, 
Thomas W. Handley, 
Michael A. Hickey, 
Bryan Hughes, 
Laurie Marsh, 
Stewart McCutcheon, 
Roberto D. Mendez, 
Timothy P. Mulhere, 
Daniel J. Schmechel, 
James J. Seifert, 
Vishal Sharma, 
Beth Simermeyer, 
Steve Taylor, 
Sean Toohey, 
Andreas Weilinghoff, 
Jill Wyant, 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, More, 
Thomas W. Handley President and Chief Operating Officer, More, 
Nicholas Alfano Executive Vice President and General Manager, Global Food & Beverage, More, 
Christophe Beck Executive Vice President and President, Nalco Water, More, 
Darrell Brown Executive Vice President and President, Europe, More, 
Paul Chaffin Senior Vice President and General Manager, Global Healthcare, More, 
John Guttery Senior Vice President and President, Latin America, More, 
Michael A. Hickey Executive Vice President and President, Global Institutional, More, 
Roberto D. Mendez Executive Vice President and President, Global Services and Specialty, More, 
Timothy P. Mulhere Executive Vice President and President, International Regions, More, 
Vishal Sharma Senior Vice President and President, Middle East and Africa, More, 
Steve Taylor Executive Vice President and President, Nalco Champion, More, 
Sean Toohey Executive Vice President, Asia Pacific, More, 
Andreas Weilinghoff Executive Vice President, Global Textile Care, More, 
Executive Vice President and President, Global Food & Beverage and Global Healthcare, 
Jill Wyant Executive Vice President and President, Global Food & Beverage and Global Healthcare, More, 
Dr. Larry Berger Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, More, 
Alex Blanco Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, More, 
Angela Busch Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, More, 
Bryan Hughes Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, More, 
Laurie Marsh Executive Vice President, Human Resources, More, 
Stewart McCutcheon Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, More, 
Daniel J. Schmechel Chief Financial Officer, More, 
James J. Seifert Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, More, 
Elizabeth A. Simermeyer Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Communications, More, 
Ecolab Named to Chief Executive Magazine List: Ranks 28 of 40 Best Companies..., January 16, 2013
NEWS Ecolab Named to Chief Executive Magazine List: Ranks 28 of 40 Best Companies... January 16, 2013 View All News, 
Privacy Policy, Imprint, Terms of Use, Investors, Feedback, Sitemap, © 2016 Ecolab
www.ecolab.com/about/leadership/