Stanley M. Bergman	title	Chairman of the Board	Stanley M. Bergman,  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Stanley M. Bergman	title	Chief Executive Officer	Stanley M. Bergman,  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Gerald A. Benjamin	title	Executive Vice President	Gerald A. Benjamin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, 
Gerald A. Benjamin	title	Chief Administrative Officer	Gerald A. Benjamin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, 
James P. Breslawski	title	President	James P. Breslawski,  President, Henry Schein, Inc., and CEO, Global Dental Group, Member of the Board of Directors, 
James P. Breslawski	title	CEO	James P. Breslawski,  President, Henry Schein, Inc., and CEO, Global Dental Group, Member of the Board of Directors, 
James P. Breslawski	title	Member of the Board of Directors	James P. Breslawski,  President, Henry Schein, Inc., and CEO, Global Dental Group, Member of the Board of Directors, 
James P. Breslawski	employee_of	Global Dental Group	James P. Breslawski,  President, Henry Schein, Inc., and CEO, Global Dental Group, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Michael S. Ettinger	title	Senior Vice President	Michael S. Ettinger,  Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Chief of Staff, Secretary, 
Michael S. Ettinger	title	Chief of Staff	Michael S. Ettinger,  Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Chief of Staff, Secretary, 
Michael S. Ettinger	title	Secretary	Michael S. Ettinger,  Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Chief of Staff, Secretary, 
Michael S. Ettinger	employee_of	Corporate & Legal Affairs	Michael S. Ettinger,  Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Chief of Staff, Secretary, 
James A. Harding	title	Senior Vice President	James A. Harding,  Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, 
James A. Harding	title	Chief Technology Officer	James A. Harding,  Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, 
Peter McCarthy	title	President	Peter McCarthy,  President, Global Animal Health Group, 
Peter McCarthy	employee_of	Global Animal Health Group	Peter McCarthy,  President, Global Animal Health Group, 
Lorelei McGlynn	title	Senior Vice President	Lorelei McGlynn,  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations, 
Lorelei McGlynn	employee_of	Global Human Resources	Lorelei McGlynn,  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations, 
Lorelei McGlynn	employee_of	Financial Operations	Lorelei McGlynn,  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations, 
Dave C. McKinley	title	Chief Commercial Officer	Dave C. McKinley,  Chief Commercial Officer, Henry Schein, Inc., and President, Corporate Commercial Development Group, 
Dave C. McKinley	title	President	Dave C. McKinley,  Chief Commercial Officer, Henry Schein, Inc., and President, Corporate Commercial Development Group, 
Dave C. McKinley	employee_of	Corporate Commercial Development Group	Dave C. McKinley,  Chief Commercial Officer, Henry Schein, Inc., and President, Corporate Commercial Development Group, 
Mark E. Mlotek	title	Executive Vice President	Mark E. Mlotek,  Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Mark E. Mlotek	title	Chief Strategic Officer	Mark E. Mlotek,  Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Mark E. Mlotek	title	Member of the Board of Directors	Mark E. Mlotek,  Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Steven Paladino	title	Executive Vice President	Steven Paladino,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Steven Paladino	title	Chief Financial Officer	Steven Paladino,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Steven Paladino	title	Member of the Board of Directors	Steven Paladino,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Board of Directors, 
Karen Prange	title	Executive Vice President	Karen Prange,  Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer — Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group, 
Karen Prange	title	Chief Executive Officer	Karen Prange,  Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer — Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group, 
Karen Prange	employee_of	Global Animal Health	Karen Prange,  Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer — Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group, 
Karen Prange	employee_of	Medical and Dental Surgical Group	Karen Prange,  Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer — Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group, 
Michael Racioppi	title	Senior Vice President	Michael Racioppi,  Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer, 
Michael Racioppi	title	Chief Merchandising Officer	Michael Racioppi,  Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer, 
Paul Rose	title	Senior Vice President	Paul Rose,  Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, 
Paul Rose	employee_of	Global Supply Chain	Paul Rose,  Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, 
Walter Siegel	title	Senior Vice President	Walter Siegel,  Senior Vice President and General Counsel, 
Walter Siegel	title	General Counsel	Walter Siegel,  Senior Vice President and General Counsel, 
