
VIDEO: Madalyn Stuckey on “What I Look For In a Sales Pro Job Candidate”, WINation | May 10, 2016 | Reactions Madalyn Stuckey knows firsthand what it takes to make it as a sales pro at Windstream—she’s the one who scouts them out on a day-to-day basis! Watch the video above to learn more. (Subscribers, please click through for video.) Get The Rest
VIDEO: Madalyn Stuckey on “What I Look For In a Sales Pro Job Candidate” WINation | May 10, 2016 | Reactions Madalyn Stuckey knows firsthand what it takes to make it as a sales pro at Windstream—she’s the one who scouts them out on a day-to-day basis! Watch the video above to learn more. (Subscribers, please click through for video.) Get The Rest, 
VIDEO: Anthony Valley on “How Windstream Uses Net Promoter Score”, WINation | April 14, 2016 | Reactions Does NPS sound like just another weird acronym to you? Well, if the video above didn’t satisfy your curious mind, let Anthony Valley lay it down for ya: “Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a powerful yet simple measurement that determines customer loyalty and the willingness to recommend Windstream to others. We use a simple four-question […] Get The Rest
VIDEO: Anthony Valley on “How Windstream Uses Net Promoter Score” WINation | April 14, 2016 | Reactions Does NPS sound like just another weird acronym to you? Well, if the video above didn’t satisfy your curious mind, let Anthony Valley lay it down for ya: “Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a powerful yet simple measurement that determines customer loyalty and the willingness to recommend Windstream to others. We use a simple four-question […] Get The Rest, 
Windstream is an Exciting Place to be if You’re in IT!, WINation | March 11, 2016 | Reactions Having the 6th largest network fiber in the nation, Windstream provides a host of opportunities for IT professionals. We spoke with CIO Lewis Langston for the lowdown on new developments in our IT department. With 30 years of IT experience under his belt, Langston joined the Windstream team in January 2015 to help lead us in […] Get The Rest
Windstream is an Exciting Place to be if You’re in IT! WINation | March 11, 2016 | Reactions Having the 6th largest network fiber in the nation, Windstream provides a host of opportunities for IT professionals. We spoke with CIO Lewis Langston for the lowdown on new developments in our IT department. With 30 years of IT experience under his belt, Langston joined the Windstream team in January 2015 to help lead us in […] Get The Rest, 
WINjobs, *For best results, use Internet Explorer 9 or later, Chrome, or Firefox as your browser.
http://windstreamtalent.com/category/meet-the-team/