
Better Money Habits®, We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits®, 
We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience..... learn  More about Better Money Habits®, 
Leadership & service, Supporting leaders to help create vibrant, safe, economically viable communities Neighborhood Builders® Student Leaders® Volunteerism Empowering women leaders Global Ambassadors
Neighborhood Builders®, Student Leaders®, Volunteerism, Empowering women leaders, Global Ambassadors, 
Arts & culture, Increasing cultural understanding and helping the arts to thrive Art conservation project Art in our communities Museums on us Partnerships Ken Burns partnership
Art conservation project, Art in our communities, Museums on us, Partnerships, Ken Burns partnership, 
Connect to history, Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson.. learn  More about Connect to history, 
Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film Jackie Robinson, .. learn  More about Connect to history, 
Inspiring tomorrow's leaders, Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders, 
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities... learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders, 
Journalist resources, Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America
Executive biographies, Biographies of Bank of America executives
Newsroom, Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more
Brian Moynihan | Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200, 000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan
Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200, 000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan, 
Dean Athanasia | President of Preferred and Small Business Banking, Co-head of Consumer Banking, Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia
Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia, 
Catherine P. Bessant | Chief Operations and Technology Officer, Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant
Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant, 
Sheri B. Bronstein | Global Human Resources Executive, Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein
Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein, 
Paul M. Donofrio | Chief Financial Officer, Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio
Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio, 
Anne M. Finucane | Vice Chairman, Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane
Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane, 
Geoffrey S. Greener | Chief Risk Officer, Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener
Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener, 
Christine P. Katziff | Corporate General Auditor, Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff
Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff, 
Terry Laughlin | Vice Chairman, Head of Global Wealth and Investment Management, Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin
Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin, 
David G. Leitch | Global General Counsel, David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch
David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch, 
Gary G. Lynch | Vice Chairman, Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch
Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch, 
Thomas K. Montag | Chief Operating Officer, Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag
Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag, 
Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking, Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen, 
Andrea B. Smith | Chief Administrative Officer, Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith
Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith, 
Bruce R. Thompson | Vice Chairman, Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson
Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson, 
Brian Moynihan, 
Dean Athanasia, 
Catherine P. Bessant, 
Sheri B. Bronstein, 
Paul M. Donofrio, 
Anne M. Finucane, 
Geoffrey S. Greener, 
Christine P. Katziff, 
Terry Laughlin, 
David G. Leitch, 
Gary G. Lynch, 
Thomas K. Montag, 
Thong M. Nguyen, 
Andrea B. Smith, 
Bruce R. Thompson, 
Newsroom , Press releases, link will open in new window, Press kits, link will open in new window, Journalist resources, link will open in new window, Executive biographies, link will open in new window, Awards & recognition, link will open in new window, 
This site contains PDF documents that require you to have, the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them., Download the latest update of Adobe Reader, .
http://about.bankofamerica.com/en-us/our-story/our-team.html