Rupert Murdoch	title	Executive Chairman	Rupert Murdoch,  Executive Chairman 21st Century Fox Rupert Murdoch,  is Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox, the world’s premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay-TV and satellite assets. Until July 1, 2015, Mr. Murdoch served as CEO and Chairman of the Company, a role he held since its inception as News Corporation in 1979. Read more about Rupert Murdoch, ,
Lachlan K. Murdoch	title	Executive Chairman	Lachlan K. Murdoch,  Executive Chairman 21st Century Fox Lachlan Murdoch is Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox, the world’s premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay-TV and satellite assets. From 2014 to 2015, he served as the Company’s Co-Chairman. Read more about Lachlan K. Murdoch, ,
James Murdoch	title	Chief Executive Officer	James Murdoch,  Chief Executive Officer 21st Century Fox James Murdoch,  is Chief Executive Officer of 21st Century Fox, the world’s premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay-TV and satellite assets. Mr. Murdoch has held a succession of leadership roles over his nearly two-decade career with the Company, culminating in his appointment to CEO in 2015 Read more about James Murdoch, ,
Chase Carey	title	Vice Chairman	Chase Carey,  Vice Chairman 21st Century Fox Chase Carey,  has been the Vice Chairman of the Board and a consultant to the Company since July 2016. He previously served as Executive Vice Chairman of the Company from July 2015 to July 2016 and as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and Deputy Chairman of the Board from 2009 to July 2015. Read more about Chase Carey, ,
John Nallen	title	Senior Executive Vice President	John Nallen,  Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 21st Century Fox John Nallen,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for 21st Century Fox, a role which he began serving on July 1, 2013. Mr. Nallen oversees all of the Company's financial dealings and he previously served as Senior EVP and Deputy CFO starting in 2001. As part of his overall duties, Mr. Nallen specifically oversees capital market and merger and acquisition transactions as well as various corporate-wide operating initiatives. Read more about John Nallen, ,
John Nallen	title	Chief Financial Officer	John Nallen,  Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 21st Century Fox John Nallen,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for 21st Century Fox, a role which he began serving on July 1, 2013. Mr. Nallen oversees all of the Company's financial dealings and he previously served as Senior EVP and Deputy CFO starting in 2001. As part of his overall duties, Mr. Nallen specifically oversees capital market and merger and acquisition transactions as well as various corporate-wide operating initiatives. Read more about John Nallen, ,
Gerson A. Zweifach	title	Senior Executive Vice President	Gerson A. Zweifach,  Senior Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer 21st Century Fox Gerson A. Zweifach,  is Senior Executive Vice President, Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of 21st Century Fox, one of the world's largest media and entertainment companies. Mr. Zweifach oversees global legal operations, including litigation, mergers and acquisitions, ethics and corporate governance matters. Read more about Gerson A. Zweifach, ,
Gerson A. Zweifach	title	Group General Counsel	Gerson A. Zweifach,  Senior Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer 21st Century Fox Gerson A. Zweifach,  is Senior Executive Vice President, Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of 21st Century Fox, one of the world's largest media and entertainment companies. Mr. Zweifach oversees global legal operations, including litigation, mergers and acquisitions, ethics and corporate governance matters. Read more about Gerson A. Zweifach, ,
Gerson A. Zweifach	title	Chief Compliance Officer	Gerson A. Zweifach,  Senior Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer 21st Century Fox Gerson A. Zweifach,  is Senior Executive Vice President, Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of 21st Century Fox, one of the world's largest media and entertainment companies. Mr. Zweifach oversees global legal operations, including litigation, mergers and acquisitions, ethics and corporate governance matters. Read more about Gerson A. Zweifach, ,
Julie Henderson	title	Executive Vice President	Julie Henderson,  Executive Vice President, Chief Communications Officer 21st Century Fox Julie Henderson,  is the Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer for 21st Century Fox. In this role, Henderson serves as the chief spokesperson for the Company, leading all global communications initiatives, specifically in support of corporate financial matters, mergers and acquisitions, regulatory issues and litigation. Read more about Julie Henderson, ,
Reed Nolte	title	Executive Vice President	Reed Nolte,  Executive Vice President, Investor Relations 21st Century Fox H. Reed Nolte,  is Executive Vice President of Investor Relations at 21st Century Fox. Mr. Nolte is responsible for all aspects of developing and executing the Company's investor relations program, serving as the primary focal point between senior corporate and business unit management and the investment community. Mr. Nolte first joined the Company in December 1996. Read more about Reed Nolte, ,
Janet Nova	title	Executive Vice President	Janet Nova,  Executive Vice President, Deputy Group General Counsel 21st Century Fox Janet Nova,  is Executive Vice President and Deputy Group General Counsel of 21st Century Fox, the world's premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay TV and satellite assets spanning six continents across the globe. As Deputy Group General Counsel, Ms. Nova manages the legal aspects of the Company's M&A activity, financings, and SEC and stock exchange reporting, and advises the Company's Board of Directors and committees. Read more about Janet Nova, ,
Chip Smith	title	Executive Vice President	Chip Smith,  Executive Vice President of Public Affairs 21st Century Fox Chip Smith,  is Executive Vice President of Public Affairs for 21st Century Fox. In this role, Mr. Smith oversees global legislative, regulatory and strategic policy matters for the company. He joined 21st Century Fox in July 2016. Read more about Chip Smith, ,
Jack Abernethy	title	Chief Executive Officer	Jack Abernethy,  Chief Executive Officer FOX Television Stations Jack Abernethy,  is Chief Executive Officer of FOX Television Stations, a unit of 21st Century FOX. In this role, Abernethy oversees the FOX Television Stations group (FTS), which consists of 28 owned-and-operated stations and duopolies in the nation’s largest television markets, including WNYW/WWOR in New York,  KTTV/KCOP in Los Angeles, KDFW/KDFI in Dallas, WTXF in Philadelphia, WTTG/WDCA in Washington D.C. and KTVU/KICU in San Francisco. Read more about Jack Abernethy, ,
Randy Freer	title	President	Randy Freer,  President & Chief Operating Officer Fox Networks Group Randy Freer,  is President and COO of Fox Networks Group. In this role, Mr. Freer directly oversees revenue, distribution, operations, business development and strategy for all aspects of the Fox Television Group (which includes Fox Broadcasting Company and 20th Century Fox Television), FX Networks, Fox Sports Media Group (which encompasses the company’s national sports channels and regional sports networks) and National Geographic Partners (which includes the National Geographic channels and brands). Read more about Randy Freer, ,
Randy Freer	title	Chief Operating Officer	Randy Freer,  President & Chief Operating Officer Fox Networks Group Randy Freer,  is President and COO of Fox Networks Group. In this role, Mr. Freer directly oversees revenue, distribution, operations, business development and strategy for all aspects of the Fox Television Group (which includes Fox Broadcasting Company and 20th Century Fox Television), FX Networks, Fox Sports Media Group (which encompasses the company’s national sports channels and regional sports networks) and National Geographic Partners (which includes the National Geographic channels and brands). Read more about Randy Freer, ,
James N. Gianopulos	title	Chairman	James N. Gianopulos,  Chairman & CEO Twentieth Century Fox Film James N. Gianopulos,  is the Chairman and CEO of Twentieth Century Fox. Mr. Gianopulos is one of the longest-tenured studio chairmen in the film industry, and oversees all feature film production and marketing, as well as global distribution through all media. During his time as Chairman of Fox, the studio has had its most profitable years ever. Read more about James N. Gianopulos, ,
James N. Gianopulos	title	CEO	James N. Gianopulos,  Chairman & CEO Twentieth Century Fox Film James N. Gianopulos,  is the Chairman and CEO of Twentieth Century Fox. Mr. Gianopulos is one of the longest-tenured studio chairmen in the film industry, and oversees all feature film production and marketing, as well as global distribution through all media. During his time as Chairman of Fox, the studio has had its most profitable years ever. Read more about James N. Gianopulos, ,
John Landgraf	title	Chief Executive Officer	John Landgraf,  Chief Executive Officer FX Networks and FX Productions John Landgraf,  is Chief Executive Officer of FX Networks and FX Productions.  As CEO, Landgraf oversees all aspects of entertainment and business operations for FX Networks, including FX, FXM, FXX, FX Productions (FXP) and the digital video-on-demand platform, FXNOW. Landgraf joined FX as President of Entertainment in January 2004 and was elevated to the position of President and General Manager of FX Networks in May 2005. Read more about John Landgraf, ,
Courteney Monroe	title	Chief Executive Officer	Courteney Monroe,  Chief Executive Officer National Geographic Global Networks Courteney Monroe,  is chief executive officer (CEO) of National Geographic Global Networks, based in Washington, D.C. She oversees global programming, operations and marketing for the portfolio of National Geographic Channels around the world, which includes National Geographic Channel, Nat Geo WILD, Nat Geo People and Nat Geo MUNDO. Read more about Courteney Monroe, ,
Declan Moore	title	Chief Executive Officer	Declan Moore,  Chief Executive Officer National Geographic Partners Declan Moore,  is chief executive officer of National Geographic Partners, the new, expanded joint venture owned by the National Geographic Society and 21st Century Fox that combines the National Geographic television channels with National Geographic’s other media and consumer-oriented assets. Read more about Declan Moore, ,
Gary Newman	title	Chairman	Gary Newman,  Chairman & CEO Fox Television Group Gary Newman,  oversees Fox Television Group, which unites the broadcast network Fox Broadcasting Company (FBC) and the prolific studio 20th Century Fox Television (TCFTV). Newman is partnered in this role with Dana Walden. The two have led TCFTV since 1999 and added FBC to their purview in 2014 in conjunction with the creation of Fox Television Group. Read more about Gary Newman, ,
Gary Newman	title	CEO	Gary Newman,  Chairman & CEO Fox Television Group Gary Newman,  oversees Fox Television Group, which unites the broadcast network Fox Broadcasting Company (FBC) and the prolific studio 20th Century Fox Television (TCFTV). Newman is partnered in this role with Dana Walden. The two have led TCFTV since 1999 and added FBC to their purview in 2014 in conjunction with the creation of Fox Television Group. Read more about Gary Newman, ,
Peter Rice	title	Chairman	Peter Rice,  Chairman & CEO Fox Networks Group Peter Rice,  was appointed Chairman and CEO for the Fox Networks Group in August 2012. In his role, he supervises all aspects of the top-rated Fox Broadcasting Company, FX Networks, as well as the Fox Sports Media Group (including the company's 22 owned-and-operated regional sports networks, Fox Soccer Channel and Fox Soccer Plus, Fox College Sports, FOX Deportes, the BTN joint venture with the Big Ten Conference, as well as the soon-to-launch FOX Sports 1). Read more about Peter Rice, ,
Peter Rice	title	CEO	Peter Rice,  Chairman & CEO Fox Networks Group Peter Rice,  was appointed Chairman and CEO for the Fox Networks Group in August 2012. In his role, he supervises all aspects of the top-rated Fox Broadcasting Company, FX Networks, as well as the Fox Sports Media Group (including the company's 22 owned-and-operated regional sports networks, Fox Soccer Channel and Fox Soccer Plus, Fox College Sports, FOX Deportes, the BTN joint venture with the Big Ten Conference, as well as the soon-to-launch FOX Sports 1). Read more about Peter Rice, ,
Uday Shankar	title	CEO	Uday Shankar,  CEO Star India Uday Shankar,  is the CEO of Star India, one of the largest media and entertainment companies in India that operates around 40 channels in 8 languages, including its flagship Star Plus. The Star network enjoys market leadership in key geographies, demographics, and time slots, and today reaches more than 400 million viewers in India and across the globe every week. Read more about Uday Shankar, ,
Eric Shanks	title	President	Eric Shanks,  President, COO & Executive Producer FOX Sports Eric Shanks,  is President, COO and Executive Producer of FOX Sports. Shanks oversees all entities within FOX Sports, including FOX Sports 1, FOX Sports 2, the FOX Sports Regional Networks, FOX Deportes and all digital ventures. Shanks and FOX Networks Group President & COO Randy Freer were the driving force behind the historic and successful launch of America’s new sports networks, FOX Sports 1 and FOX Sports 2, on Aug. 17, 2013. Read more about Eric Shanks, ,
Eric Shanks	title	COO	Eric Shanks,  President, COO & Executive Producer FOX Sports Eric Shanks,  is President, COO and Executive Producer of FOX Sports. Shanks oversees all entities within FOX Sports, including FOX Sports 1, FOX Sports 2, the FOX Sports Regional Networks, FOX Deportes and all digital ventures. Shanks and FOX Networks Group President & COO Randy Freer were the driving force behind the historic and successful launch of America’s new sports networks, FOX Sports 1 and FOX Sports 2, on Aug. 17, 2013. Read more about Eric Shanks, ,
Dana Walden	title	Chairman	Dana Walden,  Chairman & CEO Fox Television Group Dana Walden,  oversees Fox Television Group, which unites the broadcast network Fox Broadcasting Company (FBC) and the prolific studio 20th Century Fox Television (TCFTV). Walden is partnered in this role with Gary Newman. The two have led TCFTV since 1999 and added FBC to their purview in 2014 in conjunction with the creation of Fox Television Group. Read more about Dana Walden, ,
Dana Walden	title	CEO	Dana Walden,  Chairman & CEO Fox Television Group Dana Walden,  oversees Fox Television Group, which unites the broadcast network Fox Broadcasting Company (FBC) and the prolific studio 20th Century Fox Television (TCFTV). Walden is partnered in this role with Gary Newman. The two have led TCFTV since 1999 and added FBC to their purview in 2014 in conjunction with the creation of Fox Television Group. Read more about Dana Walden, ,
Dana Walden	employee_of	Fox Television Group Dana Walden	Dana Walden,  Chairman & CEO Fox Television Group Dana Walden,  oversees Fox Television Group, which unites the broadcast network Fox Broadcasting Company (FBC) and the prolific studio 20th Century Fox Television (TCFTV). Walden is partnered in this role with Gary Newman. The two have led TCFTV since 1999 and added FBC to their purview in 2014 in conjunction with the creation of Fox Television Group. Read more about Dana Walden, ,
