
About Tesoro,  About Tesoro,  Corporation Company Profile Company History Management Team Board of Directors Locations Act Tesoro
Mandan, N.D.,  Martinez, Calif.,  Salt Lake City, Utah, 
Debtholder Information,  Industry Statistics,  Analyst Information,  Investor Resources, 
IR Home Fact Sheets News Releases Events & Presentations Calendar of Events Presentations Transcripts Archive Financial Information Quarterly Results SEC Filings Annual & Quarterly Reports Supplemental Financial & Operational Info Shareholder Information Stock Quote Stock Chart Historical Share Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend History Ownership Summary Transfer Agent Corporate Governance Governance Documents Management Team Board of Directors Committee Composition Section 16 Filings Debtholder Information Borrowing & Credit Agreements Credit Ratings Debt Maturity Schedule Industry Statistics,  Analyst Information Analyst Coverage Earnings Estimates Investor Resources Online Investor Kit Investor FAQs Glossary Information Request
Analyst Information,  Analyst Coverage Earnings Estimates
Analyst Coverage,  Earnings Estimates, 
	1Gregory J. Goff	,  	2Chairman	, 	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. (Greg) Goff is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tesoro Logistics LP. Prior to joining Tesoro in 2010, Mr. Goff worked for ConocoPhillips where he held a number of senior leadership positions including Senior Vice President Commercial; President Specialty Business and Business Development; President Lower 48, Gulf of Mexico and South America for Exploration and Production; Presid... 
Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. (Greg) Goff is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tesoro Logistics LP. Prior to joining Tesoro in 2010, Mr. Goff worked for ConocoPhillips where he held a number of senior leadership positions including Senior Vice President Commercial; President Specialty Business and Business Development; President Lower 48, Gulf of Mexico and South America for Exploration and Production; Presid... 
	1Steven Sterin	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. Mr. Sterin joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 15 years of financial leadership in the chemicals industry to his role. As CFO, Mr. Sterin guides the Company’s financial strategies and leads more than 650 employees in the following areas: controller, corporate analytics, credit, internal audit, investor relations, taxes, treasury and information technology. Prior to Tesoro, Mr... 
Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. Mr. Sterin joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 15 years of financial leadership in the chemicals industry to his role. As CFO, Mr. Sterin guides the Company’s financial strategies and leads more than 650 employees in the following areas: controller, corporate analytics, credit, internal audit, investor relations, taxes, treasury and information technology. Prior to Tesoro, Mr... 
	1Keith Casey	,  	2Executive Vice President	, Operations,  Keith Casey,  Executive Vice President, Operations,  Keith Casey is Executive Vice President, Operations, , for Tesoro Corporation. As the principal operating officer, Casey oversees Tesoro’s refining, marketing, logistics and marine functions, providing leadership that promotes safe, compliant and profitable strategy execution. Casey joined Tesoro in 2013 as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, bringing significant industry experience to drive strategic growth for the organization. Prior to joining Tesoro, Casey ser... 
Keith Casey,  Executive Vice President, Operations,  Keith Casey is Executive Vice President, Operations, , for Tesoro Corporation. As the principal operating officer, Casey oversees Tesoro’s refining, marketing, logistics and marine functions, providing leadership that promotes safe, compliant and profitable strategy execution. Casey joined Tesoro in 2013 as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, bringing significant industry experience to drive strategic growth for the organization. Prior to joining Tesoro, Casey ser... 
	1Cynthia (CJ) Warner	,  	2Executive Vice President	, Strategy and Business Development,  Cynthia (CJ) Warner,  Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  Cynthia (CJ) Warner is Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  for Tesoro Corporation. Ms. Warner joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 30 years of experience in energy, oil refining and marketing, and related technology development to her role as leader of the Company’s strategic growth initiatives. Prior to Tesoro, Ms. Warner held executive leadership roles at several global energy companies. Most recently, she was Chairman and CEO of Sapphire Energy from 201... 
Cynthia (CJ) Warner,  Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  Cynthia (CJ) Warner is Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  for Tesoro Corporation. Ms. Warner joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 30 years of experience in energy, oil refining and marketing, and related technology development to her role as leader of the Company’s strategic growth initiatives. Prior to Tesoro, Ms. Warner held executive leadership roles at several global energy companies. Most recently, she was Chairman and CEO of Sapphire Energy from 201... 
	1Kim K. Rucker	,  	2Executive Vice President	, General Counsel & Secretary,  Kim K. Rucker,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary,
Kim K. Rucker,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, 
	1Phillip M. Anderson	, ,  	2President	, Tesoro Logistics GP,  Phillip M. Anderson, ,
	1Craig M. LaTorre	, ,  	2Senior Vice President	, Chief Human Resources Officer,  Craig M. LaTorre, ,
	1Daryl Schofield	, ,  	2Senior Vice President	, Commercial,  Daryl Schofield, ,
	1Brian Sullivan	, ,  	2Vice President	, Corporate Affairs,  Brian Sullivan, ,
	1Brenda Peterson	, ,  	2Vice President	, Enterprise Business Improvement,  Brenda Peterson, ,
	1Brian Coffman	, ,  	2Senior Vice President	, Refining,  Brian Coffman, ,
	1Michael J. Morrison	, ,  	2Senior Vice President	, Marketing,  Michael J. Morrison, ,
	1Joe Bookout	, ,  	2Vice President	, Environmental, Health, Security and Safety,  Joe Bookout, ,
	1Tracy D. Jackson	, ,  	2Vice President	 and Controller,  Tracy D. Jackson, ,
	1Brad  Lakhia	, ,  	2Vice President	 and Treasurer,  Brad  Lakhia, ,
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=79122&p=irol-govManage