
A global leader in providing technology enabled business solutions and services,  Worldwide United States Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Canada [fr] Chile China Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Singapore Slovakia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Kingdom Vietnam Vietnam [vn] Register | Login | Log Out Search    
Corporate Information,  Investor Relations,  Media & Analyst Relations,  Employees & Careers, 
Insights,  FEATURED STORIES CSC WORLD MAGAZINE RESEARCH & SURVEYS VIDEOS & INFOGRAPHICS BLOGS & SOCIAL MEDIA Recently Featured Stories View all recently featured stories. CSC and Xchanging Number one provider of core insurance Five Paths to Success Why digital supply chain is critical to life sciences. Data Is the Differentiator The next competitive battleground in insurance. Energy Industry's Inflection Point Best practices to improve agility and reduce costs. Best of the Best CSC honors Its newest distinguished architects and engineers. A Perfect Storm in Insurance 4 factors changing the face of the industry. Setting a New Standard in Patient Care Coordination The innovative Trafford Care co-ordination centre could evolve into a model for the provision and management of population health. Digital Transformation for Manufacturers Experts from CSC, EMC and IDC discuss evolving role of IT in manufacturing. 5 Key Steps on the Digital Journey Organizations understand the power of digital transformation, but many don’t know where to begin. Digital Really is Different Companies see digital disruption as the foundation on which to build new business strategies. The New Face of Biometrics Biometrics has already revolutionized authentication, but its future lies in improving the user experience. Avoiding Vendor Lock-In with Agile Cloud Cloud technologies can free companies from dependence on a single vendor, if implemented the right way. Improving Care for Diabetes Patients A team at George Eliot Hospital in England finds success in Lorenzo adaptation. See the Entire Issue The new CSC World is out. Power Forward Move at the speed of change. Big Data Survey What CFOs and CIOs really want from Big Data. Digital Workplace The future workplace experience. Office of Technology CSC's office of the Chief Technology Officer. Leading Edge Forum A global research and thought leadership community. Latest Research Read more from CSC's researchers. Infographics Key trends & data presented visually and interactively. Success Story Briefing Center Watch how our clients use IT solutions to power business. Digital Briefing Center Get a tour of next-gen IT solutions. CSC 360 Video perspectives on the latest headlines Town Halls Live and on-demand webinars Blogs.csc.com Get perspectives from across CSC. Ingenious Minds Meet CSC's thought leaders. Blog Central See the full list of CSC's blogs on business and technology. Engage Communities Join the conversation in CSC's social spaces.
Setting a New Standard in Patient Care Coordination,  The innovative Trafford Care co-ordination centre could evolve into a model for the provision and management of population health.
Avoiding Vendor Lock-In with Agile Cloud,  Cloud technologies can free companies from dependence on a single vendor, if implemented the right way.
Office of Technology,  CSC's office of the Chief Technology Officer.
Contact Us,  CONTACT US Contact Sales Speak with a Sales Representative about CSC's products and services. Account / Product Support Request support for your existing CSC account or product. Media & Analyst Inquiries Contact our Media Relations and Industry Analyst team. Investor Relations Request information for current or prospective investors. Careers Learn about working at CSC and inquire about job openings. See All Contact Options Don't see what you're looking for? Get more Contact options.
Contact Sales,  Speak with a Sales Representative about CSC's products and services.
Media & Analyst Inquiries,  Contact our Media Relations and Industry Analyst team.
About Us,  CORPORATE INVESTORS MEDIA & ANALYSTS EMPLOYEES & CAREERS Company Profile Our Mission & Values Executive Leadership History Governance Investor Relations Newsroom Analyst Ratings Digital Briefing Center Global Locations Global Alliances Corporate Responsibility Diversity & Inclusion Communities & Blogs Employee Resources Careers Latest Financial News Read the latest financial news. Financial Reports See our earnings releases and annual reports. CSC's Management & Executive Board Learn more about CSC's executive leadership. Investor Relations Main Page Get more information from CSC's Investor Relations team. Latest CSC News Read the most recent press releases. Press Kit Get bios, photos and logos, and other important information. Contact Media Relations Contact our Media Relations team. Newsroom Main Page See the latest news, press releases and information about CSC. c3 Employee Login A space where CSC employees securely connect, communicate and collaborate. Careers Learn about working at CSC and search jobs globally. Employee & Alumni Contact Information Resources for current employees and alumni.
Company Profile,  Our Mission & Values,  Executive Leadership,  History,  Governance,  Investor Relations,  Newsroom,  Analyst Ratings, 
Latest Financial News,  Read the latest financial news. Financial Reports,  See our earnings releases and annual reports. CSC's Management & Executive Board,  Learn more about CSC's executive leadership. Investor Relations Main Page,  Get more information from CSC's Investor Relations team.
Mike Lawrie,  Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
William L. Deckelman Jr.,  Executive Vice President & General Counsel
Stephen Hilton,  Executive Vice President & General Manager, Global Infrastructure Services
Dan Hushon,  Chief Technology Officer, Vice President & General Manager, Cybersecurity
Paul N. Saleh,  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Jim Smith,  Executive Vice President & General Manager Global Business Services
Gary Stockman,  Chief Marketing & Communications Officer
Erich Windmuller II,  Chief Information Officer
David Zolet,  Executive Vice President & General Manager Americas Region
CSC Recommendations LOG OUT EDIT PROFILE «,  Recommended Reading The 6 Hottest IT Trends for 2015 What’s in store for the new year? Here are six IT trends to pay attention to in 2015. Italian Military Prepares for Cyber Combat Attaining deep cybersecurity knowledge is essential in the ongoing war against hackers and... Brussels Fixes Potholes with Mobile App Learn how CSC developed a mobile app for BRIC and created a new development platform for... Global retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC International food retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC
Recommended Reading,  The 6 Hottest IT Trends for 2015 What’s in store for the new year? Here are six IT trends to pay attention to in 2015. Italian Military Prepares for Cyber Combat Attaining deep cybersecurity knowledge is essential in the ongoing war against hackers and... Brussels Fixes Potholes with Mobile App Learn how CSC developed a mobile app for BRIC and created a new development platform for... Global retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC International food retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC
Brussels Fixes Potholes with Mobile App,  Learn how CSC developed a mobile app for BRIC and created a new development platform for...
Global retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC,  International food retailer takes a fresh approach to email with Google and CSC
http://www.csc.com/investor_relations/ds/32534-management_and_board_of_directors