
ATM, Branch, Contact Center, Digital, Mobile, Telephone Banking, 
Payments, Card Enterprise Payments, Imaging Merchant Solutions Open Test Solutions Digital Payments, Treasury and Cash Management
FIS Global Banking Perspectives 2016, FIS Mobile Client Meeting 2016, 
Executive Team, 
Gary Norcross, 
James Woodall, 
Michael P. Oates, 
Greg Montana, 
Anthony Jabbour, 
Marianne Brown, 
Lance Levy, 
Raja Gopalakrishnan, 
Ido Gileadi, 
Ellyn Raftery, 
Marc Mayo, 
Denise Williams, 
Peter Gunnlaugsson, 
Katy Thompson, 
Home, About Us, Executive Team
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
×, 	1Gary Norcross	 	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 President and chief executive officer of FIS, Gary Norcross is highly focused on steering and executing FIS’ global business strategy. Highly respected throughout the industry, Norcross has experience serving financial institutions large and small, domestic and global. He joined FIS in 2003 through the acquisition of ALLTEL Information Services, where he served as president of the Integrated Financial Solutions division in addition to other key leadership roles. Using a client-focused approach, Norcross has overseen significant growth of FIS’ product portfolio and global footprint. He was critical to the company’s acquisition and integration of Metavante Technologies, Inc., and was heavily involved in FIS’ merger with Certegy and its acquisitions of a large number of companies, including Aurum Technology, BankWare, InterCept and eFunds. More recently he drove the acquisition of SunGard, adding complementary technology solutions and services to the FIS portfolio, including: retail and institutional (or wholesale) banking, payments, risk management, asset solutions and insurance.  Under Norcross’ leadership, FIS has grown to more than 55, 000 employees and $9.3 billion in revenue on a pro-forma basis. FIS also ranks consistently among the industry’s leading financial technology providers, including topping the FinTech 100 rankings in 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014. Norcross also holds a variety of leadership and board of directors’ roles. He serves on the dean’s executive advisory board for the Sam M. Walton School of Business at the University of Arkansas, and is a member of the board of the YMCA of Florida’s First Coast and the Knowledge is Power Program’s (KIPP) Impact School in Jacksonville, Fla. Norcross holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Arkansas.
Gary Norcross President and Chief Executive Officer, President and chief executive officer of FIS, Gary Norcross is highly focused on steering and executing FIS’ global business strategy. Highly respected throughout the industry, Norcross has experience serving financial institutions large and small, domestic and global. He joined FIS in 2003 through the acquisition of ALLTEL Information Services, where he served as president of the Integrated Financial Solutions division in addition to other key leadership roles. Using a client-focused approach, Norcross has overseen significant growth of FIS’ product portfolio and global footprint. He was critical to the company’s acquisition and integration of Metavante Technologies, Inc., and was heavily involved in FIS’ merger with Certegy and its acquisitions of a large number of companies, including Aurum Technology, BankWare, InterCept and eFunds. More recently he drove the acquisition of SunGard, adding complementary technology solutions and services to the FIS portfolio, including: retail and institutional (or wholesale) banking, payments, risk management, asset solutions and insurance.  Under Norcross’ leadership, FIS has grown to more than 55, 000 employees and $9.3 billion in revenue on a pro-forma basis. FIS also ranks consistently among the industry’s leading financial technology providers, including topping the FinTech 100 rankings in 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014. Norcross also holds a variety of leadership and board of directors’ roles. He serves on the dean’s executive advisory board for the Sam M. Walton School of Business at the University of Arkansas, and is a member of the board of the YMCA of Florida’s First Coast and the Knowledge is Power Program’s (KIPP) Impact School in Jacksonville, Fla. Norcross holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Arkansas.
James "Woody" Woodall Chief Financial Officer, × James "Woody" Woodall Chief Financial Officer, James “Woody” Woodall serves as chief financial officer of FIS and is responsible for enterprise-wide oversight of all aspects of FIS’ financial operations, including controllership, treasury, investor relations, financial planning and analysis and corporate development functions, in addition to FIS’ capital allocation strategy. A strategic financial leader, Woodall served as senior vice president, chief accounting officer and controller for FIS for five years before becoming chief financial officer. Prior to joining FIS in 2008, he served as vice president of finance at Eclipsys Corporation; executive director and controller of AT&T’s southeast region; senior manager in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers, serving technology and communications clients; and more. Woodall is a CPA and was a member of the Business Advisory Council for Troy State University where he earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting. Woodall’s leadership activities in the Jacksonville (Fla.) community include board of trustee roles at the Jacksonville Museum of Science and History and the Sanctuary on 8th Street, an organization that works to expand opportunities for children and families through education, social services, recreation and the arts.
×, 	1James "Woody" Woodall	 	2Chief Financial Officer	 James “Woody” Woodall serves as chief financial officer of FIS and is responsible for enterprise-wide oversight of all aspects of FIS’ financial operations, including controllership, treasury, investor relations, financial planning and analysis and corporate development functions, in addition to FIS’ capital allocation strategy. A strategic financial leader, Woodall served as senior vice president, chief accounting officer and controller for FIS for five years before becoming chief financial officer. Prior to joining FIS in 2008, he served as vice president of finance at Eclipsys Corporation; executive director and controller of AT&T’s southeast region; senior manager in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers, serving technology and communications clients; and more. Woodall is a CPA and was a member of the Business Advisory Council for Troy State University where he earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting. Woodall’s leadership activities in the Jacksonville (Fla.) community include board of trustee roles at the Jacksonville Museum of Science and History and the Sanctuary on 8th Street, an organization that works to expand opportunities for children and families through education, social services, recreation and the arts.
James "Woody" Woodall Chief Financial Officer, James “Woody” Woodall serves as chief financial officer of FIS and is responsible for enterprise-wide oversight of all aspects of FIS’ financial operations, including controllership, treasury, investor relations, financial planning and analysis and corporate development functions, in addition to FIS’ capital allocation strategy. A strategic financial leader, Woodall served as senior vice president, chief accounting officer and controller for FIS for five years before becoming chief financial officer. Prior to joining FIS in 2008, he served as vice president of finance at Eclipsys Corporation; executive director and controller of AT&T’s southeast region; senior manager in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers, serving technology and communications clients; and more. Woodall is a CPA and was a member of the Business Advisory Council for Troy State University where he earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting. Woodall’s leadership activities in the Jacksonville (Fla.) community include board of trustee roles at the Jacksonville Museum of Science and History and the Sanctuary on 8th Street, an organization that works to expand opportunities for children and families through education, social services, recreation and the arts.
Michael P. Oates Chief Administrative Officer, × Michael P. Oates Chief Administrative Officer, Michael Oates is corporate executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for FIS. Managing legal support provided to FIS and its subsidiaries, he oversees corporate governance, regulatory compliance, contracting, litigation and general legal advice. He also serves as FIS’ chief human resources officer. Before joining FIS in 2007, Oates was vice president of human resources for Florida Rock Industries, Inc., in Jacksonville, Fla. He also served as director of labor relations for railroad company CSX and as a partner at a major U.S. law firm headquartered in Richmond, Va. Oates also served as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy, where he was a deep sea diving and salvage officer aboard the USS Reclaimer (ARS 42). Oates holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia and a juris doctorate from the Washington and Lee University School of Law, where he graduated magna cum laude and was named to the Order of the Coif.
×, 	1Michael P. Oates	 	2Chief Administrative Officer	 Michael Oates is corporate executive vice president, 	2general counsel and corporate secretary	 for FIS. Managing legal support provided to FIS and its subsidiaries, he oversees corporate governance, regulatory compliance, contracting, litigation and general legal advice. He also serves as FIS’ chief human resources officer. Before joining FIS in 2007, Oates was vice president of human resources for Florida Rock Industries, Inc., in Jacksonville, Fla. He also served as director of labor relations for railroad company CSX and as a partner at a major U.S. law firm headquartered in Richmond, Va. Oates also served as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy, where he was a deep sea diving and salvage officer aboard the USS Reclaimer (ARS 42). Oates holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia and a juris doctorate from the Washington and Lee University School of Law, where he graduated magna cum laude and was named to the Order of the Coif.
Michael P. Oates Chief Administrative Officer, Michael Oates is corporate executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for FIS. Managing legal support provided to FIS and its subsidiaries, he oversees corporate governance, regulatory compliance, contracting, litigation and general legal advice. He also serves as FIS’ chief human resources officer. Before joining FIS in 2007, Oates was vice president of human resources for Florida Rock Industries, Inc., in Jacksonville, Fla. He also served as director of labor relations for railroad company CSX and as a partner at a major U.S. law firm headquartered in Richmond, Va. Oates also served as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy, where he was a deep sea diving and salvage officer aboard the USS Reclaimer (ARS 42). Oates holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia and a juris doctorate from the Washington and Lee University School of Law, where he graduated magna cum laude and was named to the Order of the Coif.
×, 	1Greg Montana	 	2Chief Risk Officer	 Greg Montana, corporate executive vice president, chief risk officer, leads the strategic development and execution of FIS’ risk, information security and compliance programs. Highly experienced in risk management, Montana has spent more than 20 years successfully managing risk at some of the world’s most recognized financial services institutions, including Bank of America, where he served as senior vice president and senior operational risk executive; PayPal, where he served as senior director, global risk operations; and Lloyds Banking Group, where he was director, operational, credit and compliance risk. He is Board Chair of the Jacksonville (Fla.) Board of Catholic Charities. Committed to the advancement of risk management higher education, Montana also is an adjunct professor of risk management at Flagler College in St. Augustine, Fla., and serves as a member of the board of trustees of the Georgia State University Risk Management Foundation. Because of his dedication to risk management education, Montana received the Risk Management Association’s (RMA) Special Service Award in October 2012; the same year he joined FIS. He also has authored four articles in the RMA Journal. Montana holds a master’s degree in business administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and received a bachelor’s degree cum laude from Boston College. He received his six sigma Black Belt Certification from Bank of America in 2005.
Greg Montana Chief Risk Officer, Greg Montana, corporate executive vice president, chief risk officer, leads the strategic development and execution of FIS’ risk, information security and compliance programs. Highly experienced in risk management, Montana has spent more than 20 years successfully managing risk at some of the world’s most recognized financial services institutions, including Bank of America, where he served as senior vice president and senior operational risk executive; PayPal, where he served as senior director, global risk operations; and Lloyds Banking Group, where he was director, operational, credit and compliance risk. He is Board Chair of the Jacksonville (Fla.) Board of Catholic Charities. Committed to the advancement of risk management higher education, Montana also is an adjunct professor of risk management at Flagler College in St. Augustine, Fla., and serves as a member of the board of trustees of the Georgia State University Risk Management Foundation. Because of his dedication to risk management education, Montana received the Risk Management Association’s (RMA) Special Service Award in October 2012; the same year he joined FIS. He also has authored four articles in the RMA Journal. Montana holds a master’s degree in business administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and received a bachelor’s degree cum laude from Boston College. He received his six sigma Black Belt Certification from Bank of America in 2005.
Chief Operating Officer, Banking and Payments, 
×, 	1Anthony Jabbour	 	2Chief Operating Officer	, Banking and Payments Anthony Jabbour is the chief operating officer of FIS’ Banking and Payments business. Under Jabbour’s leadership, this team has global accountability for solution development, sales and delivery of banking and payments offerings for clients of all sizes and in all geographic markets. Jabbour is keenly focused on driving exceptional growth across all banking and payments product lines on a global basis. Since Jabbour joined FIS in 2004, he has held positions of increasing responsibility in operations and delivery services as a key member of the executive leadership team. During his tenure overseeing the North American market, Jabbour consistently grew the segment through a solid combination of organic growth, product expansion, market penetration and strategic acquisitions. Prior to joining FIS, Jabbour began his career in IBM’s Global Services group managing complex client projects and relationships. Among the key projects was the launch of a stand-alone Internet bank for CIBC, a major Canadian financial institution. That project led to him joining CIBC, where he relocated to Florida and built similar capabilities for their U.S. market, growing it to more than 350 branches within two years. Jabbour holds a bachelor’s degree in electric engineering from the University of Toronto.
Anthony Jabbour Chief Operating Officer, Banking and Payments, Anthony Jabbour is the chief operating officer of FIS’ Banking and Payments business. Under Jabbour’s leadership, this team has global accountability for solution development, sales and delivery of banking and payments offerings for clients of all sizes and in all geographic markets. Jabbour is keenly focused on driving exceptional growth across all banking and payments product lines on a global basis. Since Jabbour joined FIS in 2004, he has held positions of increasing responsibility in operations and delivery services as a key member of the executive leadership team. During his tenure overseeing the North American market, Jabbour consistently grew the segment through a solid combination of organic growth, product expansion, market penetration and strategic acquisitions. Prior to joining FIS, Jabbour began his career in IBM’s Global Services group managing complex client projects and relationships. Among the key projects was the launch of a stand-alone Internet bank for CIBC, a major Canadian financial institution. That project led to him joining CIBC, where he relocated to Florida and built similar capabilities for their U.S. market, growing it to more than 350 branches within two years. Jabbour holds a bachelor’s degree in electric engineering from the University of Toronto.
Marianne Brown Chief Operating Officer, Institutional and Wholesale, × Marianne Brown Chief Operating Officer, Institutional and Wholesale, Marianne Brown is the chief operating officer of FIS’ Institutional and Wholesale business, which includes capital markets, asset management, insurance, public sector, international and education services solutions. Brown is responsible for the development, sales, delivery and account teams that support these business lines for all clients globally. She has a strong reputation as a leader who is focused on crisp execution and delivering stellar results. Before joining FIS, Brown served as the chief operating officer of SunGard Financial Systems. She joined SunGard in February 2014 and has more than three decades of experience in the financial services and technology industries. Prior to SunGard, Brown was the CEO and president of Omgeo, a global financial services technology company. Before joining Omgeo, she was the CEO of the Securities Industry Automation Corporation (SIAC). Previously, she led ADP’s Brokerage Processing Services business, which was subsequently spun off to become Broadridge Financial Solutions. Over a 26-year span at ADP, she held positions of increasing responsibility in various areas – from customer service, account management and sales to operations, technology and development. Brown holds a variety of community and philanthropic leadership roles and has received numerous awards for her business and volunteer work. She holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration, magna cum laude, from Concordia College.
×, 	1Marianne Brown	 	2Chief Operating Officer	, Institutional and Wholesale Marianne Brown is the chief operating officer of FIS’ Institutional and Wholesale business, which includes capital markets, asset management, insurance, public sector, international and education services solutions. Brown is responsible for the development, sales, delivery and account teams that support these business lines for all clients globally. She has a strong reputation as a leader who is focused on crisp execution and delivering stellar results. Before joining FIS, Brown served as the chief operating officer of SunGard Financial Systems. She joined SunGard in February 2014 and has more than three decades of experience in the financial services and technology industries. Prior to SunGard, Brown was the CEO and president of Omgeo, a global financial services technology company. Before joining Omgeo, she was the CEO of the Securities Industry Automation Corporation (SIAC). Previously, she led ADP’s Brokerage Processing Services business, which was subsequently spun off to become Broadridge Financial Solutions. Over a 26-year span at ADP, she held positions of increasing responsibility in various areas – from customer service, account management and sales to operations, technology and development. Brown holds a variety of community and philanthropic leadership roles and has received numerous awards for her business and volunteer work. She holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration, magna cum laude, from Concordia College.
Marianne Brown Chief Operating Officer, Institutional and Wholesale, Marianne Brown is the chief operating officer of FIS’ Institutional and Wholesale business, which includes capital markets, asset management, insurance, public sector, international and education services solutions. Brown is responsible for the development, sales, delivery and account teams that support these business lines for all clients globally. She has a strong reputation as a leader who is focused on crisp execution and delivering stellar results. Before joining FIS, Brown served as the chief operating officer of SunGard Financial Systems. She joined SunGard in February 2014 and has more than three decades of experience in the financial services and technology industries. Prior to SunGard, Brown was the CEO and president of Omgeo, a global financial services technology company. Before joining Omgeo, she was the CEO of the Securities Industry Automation Corporation (SIAC). Previously, she led ADP’s Brokerage Processing Services business, which was subsequently spun off to become Broadridge Financial Solutions. Over a 26-year span at ADP, she held positions of increasing responsibility in various areas – from customer service, account management and sales to operations, technology and development. Brown holds a variety of community and philanthropic leadership roles and has received numerous awards for her business and volunteer work. She holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration, magna cum laude, from Concordia College.
Lance Levy CEO, Capco, × Lance Levy CEO, Capco, Lance Levy is the CEO of Capco, the consulting and professional services subsidiary of FIS. Capco is a leading global business and technology consultancy dedicated solely to the financial services industry. Capco delivers consulting and related services to help its clients compete more effectively through an established worldwide presence of more than 3, 500 employees in North America, Europe and Asia. Levy has worked in the financial services and consulting industry for more than 20 years. Before joining Capco/FIS in January 2015, Levy worked at Accenture where he was a member of the Financial Services Leadership Team and Accenture Leadership Council. Levy served as Accenture’s managing director of Financial Services in Europe, Africa and Latin America, responsible for overseeing the financial performance, sales, vision, strategy and client relationships in this region spanning 34 countries and employing more than 10, 000 people. Before that, he was Accenture’s global head of Sales in Financial Services, responsible for leading global sales and sales strategy, as well as the execution of Accenture’s largest and most complex strategic sales.
×, 	1Lance Levy	 	2CEO	, Capco Lance Levy is the CEO of Capco, the consulting and professional services subsidiary of FIS. Capco is a leading global business and technology consultancy dedicated solely to the financial services industry. Capco delivers consulting and related services to help its clients compete more effectively through an established worldwide presence of more than 3, 500 employees in North America, Europe and Asia. Levy has worked in the financial services and consulting industry for more than 20 years. Before joining Capco/FIS in January 2015, Levy worked at Accenture where he was a member of the Financial Services Leadership Team and Accenture Leadership Council. Levy served as Accenture’s managing director of Financial Services in Europe, Africa and Latin America, responsible for overseeing the financial performance, sales, vision, strategy and client relationships in this region spanning 34 countries and employing more than 10, 000 people. Before that, he was Accenture’s global head of Sales in Financial Services, responsible for leading global sales and sales strategy, as well as the execution of Accenture’s largest and most complex strategic sales.
Lance Levy CEO, Capco, Lance Levy is the CEO of Capco, the consulting and professional services subsidiary of FIS. Capco is a leading global business and technology consultancy dedicated solely to the financial services industry. Capco delivers consulting and related services to help its clients compete more effectively through an established worldwide presence of more than 3, 500 employees in North America, Europe and Asia. Levy has worked in the financial services and consulting industry for more than 20 years. Before joining Capco/FIS in January 2015, Levy worked at Accenture where he was a member of the Financial Services Leadership Team and Accenture Leadership Council. Levy served as Accenture’s managing director of Financial Services in Europe, Africa and Latin America, responsible for overseeing the financial performance, sales, vision, strategy and client relationships in this region spanning 34 countries and employing more than 10, 000 people. Before that, he was Accenture’s global head of Sales in Financial Services, responsible for leading global sales and sales strategy, as well as the execution of Accenture’s largest and most complex strategic sales.
Executive Vice President, International Markets, 
×, 	1Raja Gopalakrishnan	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3International Markets	 Raja Gopalakrishnan is the executive vice president of International Markets for FIS, responsible for the financial, business, sales and operational performance of all of FIS’ business interests outside North America. He manages FIS’ International ‎Markets across the three key regions of Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Latin America and Asia Pacific. With more than 24 years of banking and technology expertise, Gopalakrishnan has an astute understanding of the growth, profitability and environmental challenges that banks and financial institutions across the world face today‎. Currently in his 10th year with FIS, Gopalakrishnan ‎previously managed the Asia Pacific market where over a period of five years, he and his team built one of the highest-growth businesses for the company, successfully establishing FIS as the fintech leader across multiple markets. Earlier roles with FIS also included developing and building the Global Outsourcing business in North America and Europe‎. Before joining FIS, Gopalakrishnan spent more than 10 years in retail and commercial banking with Bank of America and ABN AMRO. He also spent five years helping to start up and run global outsourcing companies. Gopalakrishnan has a bachelor's degree in economics and an MBA from the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), New Delhi. A passionate supporter of the need for socially and financially inclusive growth, Gopalakrishnan is also very involved with the Financial Inclusion agenda in India.
Raja Gopalakrishnan Executive Vice President, International Markets, Raja Gopalakrishnan is the executive vice president of International Markets for FIS, responsible for the financial, business, sales and operational performance of all of FIS’ business interests outside North America. He manages FIS’ International ‎Markets across the three key regions of Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Latin America and Asia Pacific. With more than 24 years of banking and technology expertise, Gopalakrishnan has an astute understanding of the growth, profitability and environmental challenges that banks and financial institutions across the world face today‎. Currently in his 10th year with FIS, Gopalakrishnan ‎previously managed the Asia Pacific market where over a period of five years, he and his team built one of the highest-growth businesses for the company, successfully establishing FIS as the fintech leader across multiple markets. Earlier roles with FIS also included developing and building the Global Outsourcing business in North America and Europe‎. Before joining FIS, Gopalakrishnan spent more than 10 years in retail and commercial banking with Bank of America and ABN AMRO. He also spent five years helping to start up and run global outsourcing companies. Gopalakrishnan has a bachelor's degree in economics and an MBA from the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), New Delhi. A passionate supporter of the need for socially and financially inclusive growth, Gopalakrishnan is also very involved with the Financial Inclusion agenda in India.
Ido Gileadi Chief Information Officer, × Ido Gileadi Chief Information Officer, Ido Gileadi is chief information officer at FIS. In this role, Gileadi provides enterprise-wide oversight of FIS’ information technology and computer systems in support of the company’s global business goals. Gileadi has 30 years of technology and banking industry expertise, with a focus on the delivery of large transformation programs. Prior to being appointed chief information officer at FIS in 2014, he served as a partner for Capco, where he structured and delivered transformation deals involving Capco consulting and FIS products and services. Prior to that, he was chief information officer for BCE Emergis, where he implemented a comprehensive CIO strategy in the areas of people, finance, customers, technology and process. Gileadi holds a bachelor’s degree in science (physics and computer science) from Tel Aviv University.
×, 	1Ido Gileadi	 	2Chief Information Officer	 Ido Gileadi is chief information officer at FIS. In this role, Gileadi provides enterprise-wide oversight of FIS’ information technology and computer systems in support of the company’s global business goals. Gileadi has 30 years of technology and banking industry expertise, with a focus on the delivery of large transformation programs. Prior to being appointed chief information officer at FIS in 2014, he served as a partner for Capco, where he structured and delivered transformation deals involving Capco consulting and FIS products and services. Prior to that, he was chief information officer for BCE Emergis, where he implemented a comprehensive CIO strategy in the areas of people, finance, customers, technology and process. Gileadi holds a bachelor’s degree in science (physics and computer science) from Tel Aviv University.
Ido Gileadi Chief Information Officer, Ido Gileadi is chief information officer at FIS. In this role, Gileadi provides enterprise-wide oversight of FIS’ information technology and computer systems in support of the company’s global business goals. Gileadi has 30 years of technology and banking industry expertise, with a focus on the delivery of large transformation programs. Prior to being appointed chief information officer at FIS in 2014, he served as a partner for Capco, where he structured and delivered transformation deals involving Capco consulting and FIS products and services. Prior to that, he was chief information officer for BCE Emergis, where he implemented a comprehensive CIO strategy in the areas of people, finance, customers, technology and process. Gileadi holds a bachelor’s degree in science (physics and computer science) from Tel Aviv University.
×, 	1Ellyn Raftery	 	2Chief Marketing, Communications and Sales Operations Officer	 Ellyn Raftery is executive vice president, chief marketing, communications and sales operations officer of FIS. In this role, Raftery is charged with leading the strategic planning and execution of FIS’ Global Marketing and Corporate Communications programs. Prior to joining FIS in 2012, she was the chief marketing officer and senior vice president of Global Marketing for CA Technologies, a global enterprise information technology software and service company where she drove the development, planning and implementation of the corporate brand and marketing strategy and guided the company’s thought leadership, integrated go-to-market programs and demand generation programs globally. She also led the enterprise-wide global voice-of-the-customer experience initiative to drive competitive improvement and increased customer satisfaction. For nearly a decade prior, Raftery held multiple executive-level positions for Unisys Corporation, including chief marketing and communications officer; vice president, Worldwide Marketing and Communications; and vice president, Worldwide Marketing for Systems Integration and Consulting. While at Unisys, Raftery managed a global staff and was responsible for corporate brand and marketing strategy, market and competitive research, solutions marketing, field marketing, marketing services, analyst relations, social and media relations and corporate communications. Highly active in the community, Raftery is vice chairman of the Northern & Central Florida Chapter of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) and a frequent contributor to the United Way, Jacksonville’s Cathedral Arts program and the American Red Cross. In addition, she is a new alumni member of Leadership Jacksonville, an organization that works to create community trustees by developing leaders to assume greater responsibility for the Jacksonville area. Her professional affiliations and certifications include the American Marketing Association; Executive Conference Board; Information Technology Services Marketing Association; and Corporate Executive Board’s Marketing and Communications Leadership Councils. Raftery was also honored as one of Jacksonville’s Women of Influence in recognition of her achievements and involvement in the Northeast Florida community in addition to her numerous awards. Raftery has a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Toledo.
Ellyn Raftery Chief Marketing, Communications and Sales Operations Officer, Ellyn Raftery is executive vice president, chief marketing, communications and sales operations officer of FIS. In this role, Raftery is charged with leading the strategic planning and execution of FIS’ Global Marketing and Corporate Communications programs. Prior to joining FIS in 2012, she was the chief marketing officer and senior vice president of Global Marketing for CA Technologies, a global enterprise information technology software and service company where she drove the development, planning and implementation of the corporate brand and marketing strategy and guided the company’s thought leadership, integrated go-to-market programs and demand generation programs globally. She also led the enterprise-wide global voice-of-the-customer experience initiative to drive competitive improvement and increased customer satisfaction. For nearly a decade prior, Raftery held multiple executive-level positions for Unisys Corporation, including chief marketing and communications officer; vice president, Worldwide Marketing and Communications; and vice president, Worldwide Marketing for Systems Integration and Consulting. While at Unisys, Raftery managed a global staff and was responsible for corporate brand and marketing strategy, market and competitive research, solutions marketing, field marketing, marketing services, analyst relations, social and media relations and corporate communications. Highly active in the community, Raftery is vice chairman of the Northern & Central Florida Chapter of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) and a frequent contributor to the United Way, Jacksonville’s Cathedral Arts program and the American Red Cross. In addition, she is a new alumni member of Leadership Jacksonville, an organization that works to create community trustees by developing leaders to assume greater responsibility for the Jacksonville area. Her professional affiliations and certifications include the American Marketing Association; Executive Conference Board; Information Technology Services Marketing Association; and Corporate Executive Board’s Marketing and Communications Leadership Councils. Raftery was also honored as one of Jacksonville’s Women of Influence in recognition of her achievements and involvement in the Northeast Florida community in addition to her numerous awards. Raftery has a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Toledo.
Marc Mayo Chief Legal Officer, × Marc Mayo Chief Legal Officer, Marc Mayo is executive vice president and chief legal officer (CLO) of FIS. As CLO, he manages the provision of legal services and support to FIS and its subsidiaries worldwide. Previously, Mayo was deputy general counsel at FIS and provided legal support for the acquisitions of SunGard, Clear2Pay, Reliance Trust and mFoundry, among others. Before joining FIS, Mayo was a shareholder with the law firm of Rogers, Towers P.A., during which time his clients included FIS. Prior to that, Mayo was general counsel and senior vice president of human resources of AccuStaff, a publicly traded staffing company that has since been purchased by Adecco. Mayo holds a bachelor's degree from Georgetown University and a juris doctorate from the George Mason University of Law, where he was a published member of the law review. A great believer in contributing to the Jacksonville community, Mayo has served as chairman of the boards of OneJax, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (North Florida Chapter), the Center for Corporate and Family Health and the Jacksonville Bar Association.
×, 	1Marc Mayo	 	2Chief Legal Officer	 Marc Mayo is 	2executive vice president	 and chief legal officer (CLO) of FIS. As CLO, he manages the provision of legal services and support to FIS and its subsidiaries worldwide. Previously, Mayo was deputy general counsel at FIS and provided legal support for the acquisitions of SunGard, Clear2Pay, Reliance Trust and mFoundry, among others. Before joining FIS, Mayo was a shareholder with the law firm of Rogers, Towers P.A., during which time his clients included FIS. Prior to that, Mayo was general counsel and senior vice president of human resources of AccuStaff, a publicly traded staffing company that has since been purchased by Adecco. Mayo holds a bachelor's degree from Georgetown University and a juris doctorate from the George Mason University of Law, where he was a published member of the law review. A great believer in contributing to the Jacksonville community, Mayo has served as chairman of the boards of OneJax, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (North Florida Chapter), the Center for Corporate and Family Health and the Jacksonville Bar Association.
Marc Mayo Chief Legal Officer, Marc Mayo is executive vice president and chief legal officer (CLO) of FIS. As CLO, he manages the provision of legal services and support to FIS and its subsidiaries worldwide. Previously, Mayo was deputy general counsel at FIS and provided legal support for the acquisitions of SunGard, Clear2Pay, Reliance Trust and mFoundry, among others. Before joining FIS, Mayo was a shareholder with the law firm of Rogers, Towers P.A., during which time his clients included FIS. Prior to that, Mayo was general counsel and senior vice president of human resources of AccuStaff, a publicly traded staffing company that has since been purchased by Adecco. Mayo holds a bachelor's degree from Georgetown University and a juris doctorate from the George Mason University of Law, where he was a published member of the law review. A great believer in contributing to the Jacksonville community, Mayo has served as chairman of the boards of OneJax, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (North Florida Chapter), the Center for Corporate and Family Health and the Jacksonville Bar Association.
Denise Williams Chief Human Resources Officer, × Denise Williams Chief Human Resources Officer, As chief human resources officer, Denise leads FIS’ global HR function. A seasoned HR executive with more than 20 years of experience, she works closely with the executive team to drive the company’s people agenda. Prior to joining FIS, Denise served as IBM’s vice president of Human Resources for North America Sales and Distribution. In that role, she oversaw all human capital support for the global sales and distribution workforce and managed the team responsible for supporting IBM’s North American employees. During her 15 years at IBM, Denise led HR support teams across the globe in a variety of businesses. Prior to IBM, Denise held numerous HR roles at AllianceBernstein, First Data and Coopers & Lybrand. Denise earned her bachelor’s degree from the State University of New York at Albany and is an active member of organizations including the Society for Human Resources Management and World at Work.
×, 	1Denise Williams	 	2Chief Human Resources Officer	 As chief human resources officer, Denise leads FIS’ global HR function. A seasoned HR executive with more than 20 years of experience, she works closely with the executive team to drive the company’s people agenda. Prior to joining FIS, Denise served as IBM’s vice president of Human Resources for North America Sales and Distribution. In that role, she oversaw all human capital support for the global sales and distribution workforce and managed the team responsible for supporting IBM’s North American employees. During her 15 years at IBM, Denise led HR support teams across the globe in a variety of businesses. Prior to IBM, Denise held numerous HR roles at AllianceBernstein, First Data and Coopers & Lybrand. Denise earned her bachelor’s degree from the State University of New York at Albany and is an active member of organizations including the Society for Human Resources Management and World at Work.
Denise Williams Chief Human Resources Officer, As chief human resources officer, Denise leads FIS’ global HR function. A seasoned HR executive with more than 20 years of experience, she works closely with the executive team to drive the company’s people agenda. Prior to joining FIS, Denise served as IBM’s vice president of Human Resources for North America Sales and Distribution. In that role, she oversaw all human capital support for the global sales and distribution workforce and managed the team responsible for supporting IBM’s North American employees. During her 15 years at IBM, Denise led HR support teams across the globe in a variety of businesses. Prior to IBM, Denise held numerous HR roles at AllianceBernstein, First Data and Coopers & Lybrand. Denise earned her bachelor’s degree from the State University of New York at Albany and is an active member of organizations including the Society for Human Resources Management and World at Work.
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, 
×, 	1Peter Gunnlaugsson	 	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Investor Relations	 Peter Gunnlaugsson is senior vice president of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations for FIS. In this role, Gunnlaugsson is responsible for creating and disseminating FIS’ key strategic messaging for the investment community and serves as the primary point of contact for investors, analysts and the stock exchanges. Gunnlaugsson has been with FIS for more than 19 years, joining the company through its acquisition of Metavante Corporation in 2009. Gunnlaugsson was part of the Metavante M&A team that completed more than 15 transactions in less than 10 years, which culminated in Metavante going public in 2007. Before joining Metavante, Gunnlaugsson worked for the Wisconsin Bankers Association. Gunnlaugsson is a member of the 2016 Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes Executive Committee for Northeast Florida. He is the past corporate chair for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society 2014 Light the Night Walk in Jacksonville, Fla. He is also a board member of The Sanctuary on 8th Street in Jacksonville. Prior to his relocation to Jacksonville, Gunnlaugsson served on the board of directors for the Milwaukee Ballet Company and was a member of the United Way Emerging Leaders of Wisconsin. In 1999, Gunnlaugsson was appointed by then Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson to the Milwaukee River Revitalization Council, a stewardship organization chartered with preserving and revitalizing the Milwaukee River. Gunnlaugsson holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Peter Gunnlaugsson Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Peter Gunnlaugsson is senior vice president of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations for FIS. In this role, Gunnlaugsson is responsible for creating and disseminating FIS’ key strategic messaging for the investment community and serves as the primary point of contact for investors, analysts and the stock exchanges. Gunnlaugsson has been with FIS for more than 19 years, joining the company through its acquisition of Metavante Corporation in 2009. Gunnlaugsson was part of the Metavante M&A team that completed more than 15 transactions in less than 10 years, which culminated in Metavante going public in 2007. Before joining Metavante, Gunnlaugsson worked for the Wisconsin Bankers Association. Gunnlaugsson is a member of the 2016 Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes Executive Committee for Northeast Florida. He is the past corporate chair for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society 2014 Light the Night Walk in Jacksonville, Fla. He is also a board member of The Sanctuary on 8th Street in Jacksonville. Prior to his relocation to Jacksonville, Gunnlaugsson served on the board of directors for the Milwaukee Ballet Company and was a member of the United Way Emerging Leaders of Wisconsin. In 1999, Gunnlaugsson was appointed by then Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson to the Milwaukee River Revitalization Council, a stewardship organization chartered with preserving and revitalizing the Milwaukee River. Gunnlaugsson holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Chief Audit Executive, 
×, 	1Katy Thompson	 	2Chief Audit Executive	 Katy Thompson is the chief audit executive (CAE) at FIS, with global responsibility for the successful planning, execution and strategic direction of the FIS internal audit function. Thompson has more than 25 years of internal audit and leadership experience. Prior to joining FIS in April 2012, Thompson served as Florida practice leader for Experis™ Finance, LLC, and as managing director at Protiviti® Inc., a global risk consulting and internal audit firm. Prior to Protiviti, Thompson was an internal auditor with a large financial institution and auditor with a “Big 5” public accounting firm. Thompson has been an active board member for the Crisis Center of Tampa Bay for more than 10 years, and is the current Treasurer and Chair of the Finance and Audit Committee. Thompson is very supportive of the Crisis Center’ mission to provide help, hope and healing to people facing serious life challenges or trauma. Thompson holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of West Florida. She is a certified public accountant and certified internal auditor.
Katy Thompson Chief Audit Executive, Katy Thompson is the chief audit executive (CAE) at FIS, with global responsibility for the successful planning, execution and strategic direction of the FIS internal audit function. Thompson has more than 25 years of internal audit and leadership experience. Prior to joining FIS in April 2012, Thompson served as Florida practice leader for Experis™ Finance, LLC, and as managing director at Protiviti® Inc., a global risk consulting and internal audit firm. Prior to Protiviti, Thompson was an internal auditor with a large financial institution and auditor with a “Big 5” public accounting firm. Thompson has been an active board member for the Crisis Center of Tampa Bay for more than 10 years, and is the current Treasurer and Chair of the Finance and Audit Committee. Thompson is very supportive of the Crisis Center’ mission to provide help, hope and healing to people facing serious life challenges or trauma. Thompson holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of West Florida. She is a certified public accountant and certified internal auditor.
About Our Company, Awards and Recognition, Careers, Community Involvement, Events, Executive Team, Investors, Media Room, 
http://www.fisglobal.com/aboutfis-executivebios
