R. Milton Johnson	title	Chairman	R. Milton Johnson,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  R. Milton Johnson,  is chairman and chief executive officer of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA.
R. Milton Johnson	title	Chief Executive Officer	R. Milton Johnson,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  R. Milton Johnson,  is chairman and chief executive officer of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA.
David G. Anderson	title	Senior Vice President	David G. Anderson,  Senior Vice President- Finance,  David G. Anderson,  is senior vice president, finance of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services.  He is responsible for HCA’s treasury functions, including corporate finance, investment, cash management and ongoing relationships with the financial community. Anderson began his career with Humana Inc. as a manager of finance in 1978.  By March of 1993, he was the vice president of finance and treasurer of Galen Healthcare, a spin-off of Humana that was later acquired by HCA. Anderson assumed his current position in July 1998.
Victor L. Campbell	title	Senior Vice President	Victor L. Campbell,  Senior Vice President  Victor L. Campbell,  is senior vice president of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Campbell’s primary responsibilities include government and investor relations. Prior to joining HCA, Campbell worked from 1969 to 1972 in the treasurer’s department of E.I. du Pont de Nemours in Wilmington, Delaware. He joined HCA’s finance department in 1972 and established the company’s investor relations function in 1976. Campbell was named senior vice president in 1994.
Ravi Chari	title	Senior Vice President	Ravi Chari,  Senior Vice President- Clinical Excellence,  Dr. Ravi Chari,  is senior vice president of clinical excellence for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. In this role, Dr. Chari leads the company’s Clinical Excellence program and Physician Leadership Academy, which develops physician leaders within the organization. 
Ravi Chari	employee_of	Clinical Excellence	Ravi Chari,  Senior Vice President- Clinical Excellence,  Dr. Ravi Chari,  is senior vice president of clinical excellence for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. In this role, Dr. Chari leads the company’s Clinical Excellence program and Physician Leadership Academy, which develops physician leaders within the organization. 
Michael Cuffe	title	President	Michael Cuffe,  President- Physician Services Group,  Dr. Michael S. Cuffe is the president of the Physician Services Group for Nashville, Tennessee-based, HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. The Physician Services Group currently oversees more than 9,000 providers, 4,100 in direct and foundation employment models and more than 5,000 via joint ventures, and handles physician strategy, urgent care, recruiting, graduate medical education and practice management for HCA., 
Michael Cuffe	employee_of	Physician Services Group	Michael Cuffe,  President- Physician Services Group,  Dr. Michael S. Cuffe is the president of the Physician Services Group for Nashville, Tennessee-based, HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. The Physician Services Group currently oversees more than 9,000 providers, 4,100 in direct and foundation employment models and more than 5,000 via joint ventures, and handles physician strategy, urgent care, recruiting, graduate medical education and practice management for HCA., 
Jana J. Davis	title	Senior Vice President	Jana J. Davis,  Senior Vice President- Corporate Affairs,  Jana J. Davis,  is Senior Vice President–Corporate Affairs of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Her responsibilities include all corporate communications, marketing management, community relations, diversity and inclusion, HCA Hope Fund and HCA Foundation at HCA.
Jana J. Davis	employee_of	Corporate Affairs	Jana J. Davis,  Senior Vice President- Corporate Affairs,  Jana J. Davis,  is Senior Vice President–Corporate Affairs of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Her responsibilities include all corporate communications, marketing management, community relations, diversity and inclusion, HCA Hope Fund and HCA Foundation at HCA.
Jane Englebright	title	PhD	Jane Englebright, PhD, RN CENP, FAAN,  Senior Vice Presidentand Chief Nurse Executive,  Jane D. Englebright is senior vice president and chief nursing officer for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. A nationally recognized nursing leader, Dr. Englebright provides professional leadership for facility chief nursing officers across HCA and approximately 80,000 nurses working in HCA hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other sites of care. She also leads HCA’s CNO Council in advancing a nursing agenda for leadership, evidence-based practice and performance improvement, innovation, partnership and accountability. 
Jane Englebright	title	Senior Vice President	Jane Englebright, PhD, RN CENP, FAAN,  Senior Vice Presidentand Chief Nurse Executive,  Jane D. Englebright is senior vice president and chief nursing officer for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. A nationally recognized nursing leader, Dr. Englebright provides professional leadership for facility chief nursing officers across HCA and approximately 80,000 nurses working in HCA hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other sites of care. She also leads HCA’s CNO Council in advancing a nursing agenda for leadership, evidence-based practice and performance improvement, innovation, partnership and accountability. 
Jane Englebright	title	Chief Nurse Executive	Jane Englebright, PhD, RN CENP, FAAN,  Senior Vice Presidentand Chief Nurse Executive,  Jane D. Englebright is senior vice president and chief nursing officer for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. A nationally recognized nursing leader, Dr. Englebright provides professional leadership for facility chief nursing officers across HCA and approximately 80,000 nurses working in HCA hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other sites of care. She also leads HCA’s CNO Council in advancing a nursing agenda for leadership, evidence-based practice and performance improvement, innovation, partnership and accountability. 
Jon M. Foster	title	President	Jon M. Foster,  President– American Group,  Jon M. Foster,  is President - American Group of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for 80 of HCA’s hospital operations in Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Northwest Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.
Jon M. Foster	employee_of	American Group	Jon M. Foster,  President– American Group,  Jon M. Foster,  is President - American Group of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for 80 of HCA’s hospital operations in Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Northwest Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.
Charles J. Hall	title	President	Charles J. Hall,  President– National Group,  Chuck Hall is National Group President of Nashville, Tenn.-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for HCA’s operations in 12 states, which currently includes 81 hospitals.
Charles J. Hall	employee_of	National Group	Charles J. Hall,  President– National Group,  Chuck Hall is National Group President of Nashville, Tenn.-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for HCA’s operations in 12 states, which currently includes 81 hospitals.
Samuel N. Hazen	title	Chief Operating Officer	Samuel N. Hazen,  Chief Operating Officer  Sam Hazen is chief operating officer for HCA, which is based in Nashville, Tennessee and is the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Hazen oversees the company’s operations, which include approximately 168 hospitals, 116 ambulatory surgery centers, numerous outpatient facilities, and various physician practices across its 42 domestic markets and in the United Kingdom.  
