
Investor Relations,  Stock Information Financial Information & SEC Filings Analyst Coverage Shareholder Services
Stock Information,  Financial Information & SEC Filings,  Analyst Coverage,  Shareholder Services, 
American Financial Group is committed to strong and effective corporate governance. "Integrity in All We Do" is one of our core values. We believe that strong principles and the highest standards of ethical conduct are critical to securing investor trust and confidence.,  Carl  H. Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director S. Craig  Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michelle A. Gillis Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Vito  C.  Peraino Senior Vice President and General Counsel Other Corporate Management H. Kim Baird Vice President – Taxes Robert E. Dobbs Vice President – Internal Audit Karl J. Grafe Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary Brian S. Hertzman Vice President and Controller Mark A. Weiss Vice President and Assistant General Counsel David J. Witzgall Vice President and Treasurer
	1Carl  H. Lindner III	,  	2Co-Chief Executive Officer	/	2Co-President	 and 	2Director	, 
	1S. Craig  Lindner	,  	2Co-Chief Executive Officer	/	2Co-President	 and 	2Director	, 
	1Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	, 
	1Michelle A. Gillis	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Administrative Officer	, 
	1Vito  C.  Peraino	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	, 
American Financial Group is committed to strong and effective corporate governance. "Integrity in All We Do" is one of our core values. We believe that strong principles and the highest standards of ethical conduct are critical to securing investor trust and confidence. Carl  H. Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director S. Craig  Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michelle A. Gillis Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Vito  C.  Peraino Senior Vice President and General Counsel Other Corporate Management,  H. Kim Baird Vice President – Taxes Robert E. Dobbs Vice President – Internal Audit Karl J. Grafe Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary Brian S. Hertzman Vice President and Controller Mark A. Weiss Vice President and Assistant General Counsel David J. Witzgall Vice President and Treasurer
	1H. Kim Baird	,  	2Vice President	 – Taxes, 
	1Robert E. Dobbs	,  	2Vice President	 – Internal Audit, 
	1Karl J. Grafe	,  	2Vice President	, 	2Assistant General Counsel	 and 	2Secretary	, 
	1Brian S. Hertzman	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Controller	, 
	1Mark A. Weiss	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Assistant General Counsel	, 
	1David J. Witzgall	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Treasurer	, 
Company Overview Senior Management +–Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Committees Governance Guidelines Code of Ethics Stock Ownership Guidelines Menu...Company OverviewSenior ManagementBoard of DirectorsBoard CommitteesGovernance GuidelinesCode of EthicsStock Ownership Guidelines Senior Management American Financial Group is committed to strong and effective corporate governance. "Integrity in All We Do" is one of our core values. We believe that strong principles and the highest standards of ethical conduct are critical to securing investor trust and confidence. Carl  H. Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director S. Craig  Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michelle A. Gillis Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Vito  C.  Peraino Senior Vice President and General Counsel Other Corporate Management H. Kim Baird Vice President – Taxes Robert E. Dobbs Vice President – Internal Audit Karl J. Grafe Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary Brian S. Hertzman Vice President and Controller Mark A. Weiss Vice President and Assistant General Counsel David J. Witzgall Vice President and Treasurer Carl H. Lindner III (left) and S. Craig Lindner (right), Co-Chief Executive Officers, 
Email Alerts Careers Contact Us Senior Management Company Company Overview Senior Management Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Committees Governance Guidelines Code of Ethics Stock Ownership Guidelines Insurance Operations Investor Relations Stock Information Financial Information & SEC Filings Analyst Coverage Shareholder Services News & Events Press Releases Upcoming Events Past Events Ratings Home > Company > Corporate Governance > Senior Management Company Overview Senior Management +–Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Committees Governance Guidelines Code of Ethics Stock Ownership Guidelines Menu...Company OverviewSenior ManagementBoard of DirectorsBoard CommitteesGovernance GuidelinesCode of EthicsStock Ownership Guidelines Senior Management American Financial Group is committed to strong and effective corporate governance. "Integrity in All We Do" is one of our core values. We believe that strong principles and the highest standards of ethical conduct are critical to securing investor trust and confidence. Carl  , H. , Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director S. Craig  , Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer/Co-President and Director Joseph E. (Jeff) , Consolino Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michelle A. , Gillis Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Vito  , C.  , Peraino Senior Vice President and General Counsel Other Corporate Management H. Kim , Baird Vice President – Taxes Robert E. , Dobbs Vice President – Internal Audit Karl J. , Grafe Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary Brian S. , Hertzman Vice President and Controller Mark , A. Weiss Vice President and Assistant General Counsel David J. , Witzgall Vice President and Treasurer Carl H. Lindner III (left) and S. Craig Lindner (right), Co-Chief Executive Officers  ,  The members of Great American Insurance Group are subsidiaries of American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG). AFG is a holding company based in Cincinnati Ohio. It is a Fortune 500 company whose common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Corporate Headquarters Great American Insurance Group Tower 301 E Fourth Street Cincinnati, OH ,  45202 800 545 4269 / 513 369 5000 Connect with Great American Great American Insurance Group Specialty Property & Casualty - U.S. Operations Accident & Health AgriBusiness® Alternative Markets American Empire Group Aviation Bond Crop Employer's Comp Associates Environmental Equine Mortality Excess Liability Executive Liability FCIA Fidelity / Crime Financial Institution Services Great American Custom Mergers & Acquisitions Liability Mid-Continent Group National Interstate Ocean Marine Professional Liability Property Inland Marine Public Sector Republic Indemnity Specialty E&S Specialty Equipment Services Specialty Human Services Strategic Comp Summit Trucking Unemployment Risk Solutions Annuity Operations - Subsidiaries Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company® Great American Life Insurance Company® Specialty Property & Casualty International Operations Canadian Branch El Aguila Great American International Neon Singapore Branch
Accident & Health,  AgriBusiness®,  Alternative Markets,  American Empire Group,  Aviation,  Bond,  Crop,  Employer's Comp Associates,  Environmental,  Equine Mortality,  Excess Liability,  Executive Liability,  FCIA,  Fidelity / Crime,  Financial Institution Services,  Great American Custom, 
http://www.afginc.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=89330&p=irol-govmanage
