Brian Moynihan	title	Chairman	Brian Moynihan | Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,  Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan
Brian Moynihan	title	Chief Executive Officer	Brian Moynihan | Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,  Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.learn  More about Brian Moynihan
Dean Athanasia	title	President	Dean Athanasia | President of Preferred and Small Business Banking, Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia
Dean Athanasia	employee_of	Preferred and Small Business Banking	Dean Athanasia | President of Preferred and Small Business Banking, Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…learn  More about Dean Athanasia
Catherine P. Bessant	title	Chief Operations	Catherine P. Bessant | Chief Operations and Technology Officer,  Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant
Catherine P. Bessant	title	Technology Officer	Catherine P. Bessant | Chief Operations and Technology Officer,  Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.learn  More about Catherine P. Bessant
Sheri B. Bronstein	title	Global Human Resources Executive	Sheri B. Bronstein | Global Human Resources Executive,  Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…learn  More about Sheri B. Bronstein
Paul M. Donofrio	title	Chief Financial Officer	Paul M. Donofrio | Chief Financial Officer,  Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…learn  More about Paul M. Donofrio
Anne M. Finucane	title	Vice Chairman	Anne M. Finucane | Vice Chairman,  Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…learn  More about Anne M. Finucane
Geoffrey S. Greener	title	Chief Risk Officer	Geoffrey S. Greener | Chief Risk Officer,  Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…learn  More about Geoffrey S. Greener
Christine P. Katziff	title	Corporate General Auditor	Christine P. Katziff | Corporate General Auditor,  Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…learn  More about Christine P. Katziff
Terry Laughlin	title	Vice Chairman	Terry Laughlin | Vice Chairman, Head of Global Wealth and Investment Management,  Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin
Terry Laughlin	employee_of	Global Wealth and Investment Management	Terry Laughlin | Vice Chairman, Head of Global Wealth and Investment Management,  Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. Togeth…learn  More about Terry Laughlin
David G. Leitch	title	Global General Counsel	David G. Leitch | Global General Counsel,  David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.learn  More about David G. Leitch
Gary G. Lynch	title	Vice Chairman	Gary G. Lynch | Vice Chairman,  Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.learn  More about Gary G. Lynch
Thomas K. Montag	title	Chief Operating Officer	Thomas K. Montag | Chief Operating Officer,  Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …learn  More about Thomas K. Montag
Thong M. Nguyen	title	President	Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Thong M. Nguyen	title	Co-head	Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Thong M. Nguyen	employee_of	Retail Banking	Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Thong M. Nguyen	employee_of	Consumer Banking	Thong M. Nguyen | President of Retail Banking and Co-head of Consumer Banking,  Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.learn  More about Thong M. Nguyen
Andrea B. Smith	title	Chief Administrative Officer	Andrea B. Smith | Chief Administrative Officer,  Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.learn  More about Andrea B. Smith
Bruce R. Thompson	title	Vice Chairman	Bruce R. Thompson | Vice Chairman,  Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.learn  More about Bruce R. Thompson
