Matthew C. Lucey	title	Vice President	Matthew C. Lucey,  Matthew C. Lucey,  joined us as our Vice President, Finance in April 2008, served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from April 2010 to April 2014, from April to December served as Executive Vice President and now serves as President. Prior thereto, Mr. Lucey served as a Managing Director of M.E. Zukerman & Co., a New York-based private equity firm specializing in several sectors of the broader energy industry, from 2001 to 2008. While at M.E. Zukerman & Co., Mr. Lucey participated in all aspects of the firm's energy investment activities and served on the Management Committee of Penreco, a manufacturer of specialty petroleum products; Cortez Pipeline Company, a 500 mile CO2 pipeline; and Venture Coke Company, a merchant petroleum coke calciner. Before joining M.E. Zukerman & Co., Mr. Lucey spent six years in the banking industry.
Jeffrey Dill	title	Senior Vice President	Jeffrey Dill,  Jeffrey Dill,  served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2010 to September 2015 and from March 2008 to May 2009. Mr. Dill is now President, PBF Energy Western Region LLC. Mr. Dill served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Maxum Petroleum, Inc., a national marketer and logistics company for petroleum products, from September 2009 to May 2010 and as Consulting General Counsel and Secretary for NTR Acquisition Co., a special purpose acquisition company focused on downstream energy opportunities, from April 2007 to February 2008. Previously he served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Neurogen Corporation, a drug discovery and development company, from March 2006 to December 2007. Mr. Dill has over 15 years experience providing legal support to refining, transportation and marketing organizations in the petroleum industry, including positions at Premcor, ConocoPhillips, Tosco and Unocal.
Jeffrey Dill	title	General Counsel	Jeffrey Dill,  Jeffrey Dill,  served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2010 to September 2015 and from March 2008 to May 2009. Mr. Dill is now President, PBF Energy Western Region LLC. Mr. Dill served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Maxum Petroleum, Inc., a national marketer and logistics company for petroleum products, from September 2009 to May 2010 and as Consulting General Counsel and Secretary for NTR Acquisition Co., a special purpose acquisition company focused on downstream energy opportunities, from April 2007 to February 2008. Previously he served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Neurogen Corporation, a drug discovery and development company, from March 2006 to December 2007. Mr. Dill has over 15 years experience providing legal support to refining, transportation and marketing organizations in the petroleum industry, including positions at Premcor, ConocoPhillips, Tosco and Unocal.
Jeffrey Dill	title	Secretary	Jeffrey Dill,  Jeffrey Dill,  served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2010 to September 2015 and from March 2008 to May 2009. Mr. Dill is now President, PBF Energy Western Region LLC. Mr. Dill served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Maxum Petroleum, Inc., a national marketer and logistics company for petroleum products, from September 2009 to May 2010 and as Consulting General Counsel and Secretary for NTR Acquisition Co., a special purpose acquisition company focused on downstream energy opportunities, from April 2007 to February 2008. Previously he served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Neurogen Corporation, a drug discovery and development company, from March 2006 to December 2007. Mr. Dill has over 15 years experience providing legal support to refining, transportation and marketing organizations in the petroleum industry, including positions at Premcor, ConocoPhillips, Tosco and Unocal.
Paul Davis	title	head	Paul Davis,  Paul Davis,  joined PBF Energy in April of 2012 and has been head of PBF's commercial operations related to crude oil and refinery feedstock sourcing since May of 2013 and, from January 2015 to September of 2015, served as our Co-Head of Commercial and now serves as Senior Vice President, Western Region Commercial Operrations. Mr. Davis has over 29 years of experience in commercial operations in crude oil and refined products, including 16 years with the ExxonMobil Corporation in various operational and commercial positions, including sourcing refinery feedstocks and crude oil and the disposition of refined petroleum products, as well as optimization roles within refineries. Previously, Mr. Davis was responsible for managing the U.S. clean products commercial operations for Hess Energy Trading Company. Prior to that, Mr. Davis was responsible for Premcor's U.S. Midwest clean products disposition group.
Paul Davis	employee_of	commercial operations	Paul Davis,  Paul Davis,  joined PBF Energy in April of 2012 and has been head of PBF's commercial operations related to crude oil and refinery feedstock sourcing since May of 2013 and, from January 2015 to September of 2015, served as our Co-Head of Commercial and now serves as Senior Vice President, Western Region Commercial Operrations. Mr. Davis has over 29 years of experience in commercial operations in crude oil and refined products, including 16 years with the ExxonMobil Corporation in various operational and commercial positions, including sourcing refinery feedstocks and crude oil and the disposition of refined petroleum products, as well as optimization roles within refineries. Previously, Mr. Davis was responsible for managing the U.S. clean products commercial operations for Hess Energy Trading Company. Prior to that, Mr. Davis was responsible for Premcor's U.S. Midwest clean products disposition group.
Thomas O'Connor	title	Senior Vice President	Thomas O'Connor,  Thomas L. O’Connor joined the PBF team in September of 2014 as a Senior Vice President and from January to September 2015, served as our Co-Head of Commercial. He now serves as PBF’s Senior Vice President, Commercial. Mr. O’Connor has 20 years of oil industry experience and joins PBF from Morgan Stanley where he was most recently a Managing Director and Global Head of Crude Oil Trading and Global Co-Head of Oil Flow Trading. In this role, he managed a number of activities including pipeline and storage positions related to physical and derivative commodities trading activities. Additionally, Mr. O’Connor oversaw the crude oil gathering activities of TransMontaigne Product Services Inc., a Morgan Stanley subsidiary, where he worked with producers and refiners to provide logistical solutions in key markets with a team of lease buyers along with a fleet of rail cars and crude transport trailers. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley in 2000, he worked for the Tosco Corporation from 1995 to 2000 in the Atlantic Basin Fuel Oil and Feedstocks Team.
Herman Seedorf	title	Senior Vice President	Herman Seedorf,  Herman Seedorf,  joined PBF Energy in February of 2011 and is now the Senior Vice President of Refining. Mr. Seedorf originally joined PBF Energy as the Delaware City Refinery Plant Manager and became Senior Vice President, Eastern Region Refining, in September of 2013. Prior to this he served for nine years as the refinery manager of the Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois, and also as an officer of the joint venture between ConocoPhillips and Cenovus. His oversight responsibilities include the development and execution of a multi-billion dollar upgrade project which enabled the expanded processing of Canadian crude oils. He also served as the refinery manager of the Bayway Refinery in Linden, New Jersey for four years during the time period that it was an asset of the Tosco Corporation. Herman began his career in the petroleum industry with Exxon in 1980. His assignments with Exxon included the trading of international crude oils and a number of managerial assignments at the Baytown Refinery in Texas. Before embarking on his career in the petroleum industry, Mr. Seedorf served five years in the U.S. Navy’s submarine corps following his graduation from the U.S. Naval Academy.
Trecia Canty	title	Vice President	Trecia Canty,  Trecia Canty,  joined PBF in 2012 and served as our Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel. Ms. Canty now serves as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. In her role, Trecia will be responsible for the Legal Department and Contracts Administration. Trecia joined PBF in 2012 from Southwestern Energy and began her career at Cleary Gottlieb in Manhattan after earning her law degree from Columbia University. Trecia has supported a broad range of functions across the PBF organization and has played a vital role in multiple financings, the Chalmette and Torrance acquisitions, and numerous commercial arrangements.
Trecia Canty	title	Senior Deputy General Counsel	Trecia Canty,  Trecia Canty,  joined PBF in 2012 and served as our Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel. Ms. Canty now serves as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. In her role, Trecia will be responsible for the Legal Department and Contracts Administration. Trecia joined PBF in 2012 from Southwestern Energy and began her career at Cleary Gottlieb in Manhattan after earning her law degree from Columbia University. Trecia has supported a broad range of functions across the PBF organization and has played a vital role in multiple financings, the Chalmette and Torrance acquisitions, and numerous commercial arrangements.
