
Investor Relations,  Investor Overview Stock Information Analyst Coverage and Earnings Estimates News Releases Financial Information Videos Corporate Governance Event Calendar Investor Fact Sheets Shareholder Information and FAQ Contact Information
Investor Overview,  Stock Information,  Analyst Coverage and Earnings Estimates,  News Releases,  Financial Information,  Videos,  Corporate Governance,  Event Calendar,  Investor Fact Sheets,  Shareholder Information and FAQ,  Contact Information, 
Investor Relations Contact Lisa Micou Meers, CFA VP of Investor Relations 224-521-8895, 
Investor Relations Management Charters & Governance Documents | Management | Board of Directors | Committee Composition | Ethics Policy,  Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Eck joined Anixter in 1989 and was named President and Chief Executive Officer in 2008. Prior to that, he held various positions including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Network & Security Solutions, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Solutions and Regional Vice President of Sales. Bob graduated from Marquette University in 1980, and he holds a bachelor’s degree in economics. Since May 2011, he has served on the Board of Directors for Ryder Systems Inc...  Ian Clarke Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions Ian Clarke Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions ...  Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Ted Dosch has been the Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Anixter since July 2011. He was the Senior Vice President of Global Finance at Anixter from January 2009 to June 2011. Prior to joining Anixter, Ted held various positions at the Whirlpool Corporation from November 1999 to January 2009. These positions included Corporate Vice President of Global Productivity, CFO for North America, Vice President of Maytag Integration, Corporate Controller and CFO o...  William A. Galvin Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions William A. Galvin Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions Bill Galvin is the Executive Vice President for Anixter’s global Network & Security Solutions business. Since 2007, he has overseen the Global Accounts, Security Solutions and U.S. Federal Sales organizations as well as all field sales for Enterprise Cabling Solutions. Bill began his career with Anixter in 1984 and has held many positions in marketing and sales, including the Regional Vice President of Sales for the west coast. After moving to the corporate office in 2005, Bill held the ...  Bob Graham Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham was promoted to Executive Vice President for the Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions business in July 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President of the U.S. Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business since January 2011. Bob came to Anixter with the acquisition of the Pentacon business in September 2002, and since then, he has held various senior leadership roles for Anixter’s OEM Fastener business with his most recent position before joining the Wire & Cable division...  Justin C. Choi Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Justin C. Choi Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company from June 2012 to May 2013; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary -Trustwave Holdings from January 2011 to June 2012; Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary - Andrew Corporation from March 2006 to December 2007; Vice President of Law - Avaya Inc. from September 2000 to February 2006. Mr. Choi has also b...  Scott Ramsbottom Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since 2015. He served as the Senior Vice President - Global Information Services from 2014 to 2015, and held various roles in the information services group since joining the Company in 1999. Scott holds a bachelor of business administration in management information systems from Loyola University. ...  Rodney A. Smith Executive Vice President - Human Resources Rodney A. Smith Executive Vice President - Human Resources Executive Vice President - Human Resources of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - Human Resources from August 2006 to May 2013....  William A. Standish Executive Vice President - Operations William A. Standish Executive Vice President - Operations Executive Vice President - Operations of the Company since 2004. Since joining the Company in 1984, Mr. Standish has held several corporate and reporting unit senior management roles....  Terrance A. Faber Senior Vice President - Controller Terrance A. Faber Senior Vice President - Controller Senior Vice President - Controller since joining the Company in 2000....  Rodney A. Shoemaker Senior Vice President -Treasurer Rodney A. Shoemaker Senior Vice President -Treasurer Senior Vice President -Treasurer of the Company since July 1999. Mr. Shoemaker has been with the Company since 1986....  Replication or redistribution of EDGAR Online, Inc. content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of EDGAR Online, Inc. EDGAR Online, Inc. shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Robert J. Eck,  President and Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Eck,  President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Eck joined Anixter in 1989 and was named President and Chief Executive Officer in 2008. Prior to that, he held various positions including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Network & Security Solutions, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Solutions and Regional Vice President of Sales. Bob graduated from Marquette University in 1980, and he holds a bachelor’s degree in economics. Since May 2011, he has served on the Board of Directors for Ryder Systems Inc... 
Robert J. Eck,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Bob Eck joined Anixter in 1989 and was named President and Chief Executive Officer,  in 2008. Prior to that, he held various positions including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Network & Security Solutions, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Solutions and Regional Vice President of Sales. Bob graduated from Marquette University in 1980, and he holds a bachelor’s degree in economics. Since May 2011, he has served on the Board of Directors for Ryder Systems Inc... 
Ian Clarke,  Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions Ian Clarke,  Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions ... 
Ian Clarke,  Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions,  ... , 
Theodore A. Dosch,  Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Theodore A. Dosch,  Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Ted Dosch has been the Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Anixter since July 2011. He was the Senior Vice President of Global Finance at Anixter from January 2009 to June 2011. Prior to joining Anixter, Ted held various positions at the Whirlpool Corporation from November 1999 to January 2009. These positions included Corporate Vice President of Global Productivity, CFO for North America, Vice President of Maytag Integration, Corporate Controller and CFO o... 
Theodore A. Dosch,  Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer,  Ted Dosch has been the Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Anixter since July 2011. He was the Senior Vice President of Global Finance at Anixter from January 2009 to June 2011. Prior to joining Anixter, Ted held various positions at the Whirlpool Corporation from November 1999 to January 2009. These positions included Corporate Vice President of Global Productivity, CFO for North America, Vice President of Maytag Integration, Corporate Controller and CFO o... , 
William A. Galvin,  Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions William A. Galvin,  Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions Bill Galvin is the Executive Vice President for Anixter’s global Network & Security Solutions business. Since 2007, he has overseen the Global Accounts, Security Solutions and U.S. Federal Sales organizations as well as all field sales for Enterprise Cabling Solutions. Bill began his career with Anixter in 1984 and has held many positions in marketing and sales, including the Regional Vice President of Sales for the west coast. After moving to the corporate office in 2005, Bill held the ... 
William A. Galvin,  Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions,  Bill Galvin is the Executive Vice President for Anixter’s global Network & Security Solutions business. Since 2007, he has overseen the Global Accounts, Security Solutions and U.S. Federal Sales organizations as well as all field sales for Enterprise Cabling Solutions. Bill began his career with Anixter in 1984 and has held many positions in marketing and sales, including the Regional Vice President of Sales for the west coast. After moving to the corporate office in 2005, Bill held the ... , 
Bob Graham,  Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham,  Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham was promoted to Executive Vice President for the Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions business in July 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President of the U.S. Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business since January 2011. Bob came to Anixter with the acquisition of the Pentacon business in September 2002, and since then, he has held various senior leadership roles for Anixter’s OEM Fastener business with his most recent position before joining the Wire & Cable division... 
Bob Graham,  Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions,  Bob Graham was promoted to Executive Vice President for the Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions business in July 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President of the U.S. Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business since January 2011. Bob came to Anixter with the acquisition of the Pentacon business in September 2002, and since then, he has held various senior leadership roles for Anixter’s OEM Fastener business with his most recent position before joining the Wire & Cable division... , 
Justin C. Choi,  Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Justin C. Choi,  Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company from June 2012 to May 2013; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary -Trustwave Holdings from January 2011 to June 2012; Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary - Andrew Corporation from March 2006 to December 2007; Vice President of Law - Avaya Inc. from September 2000 to February 2006. Mr. Choi has also b... 
Justin C. Choi,  Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary,  Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary,  of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company from June 2012 to May 2013; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary -Trustwave Holdings from January 2011 to June 2012; Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary - Andrew Corporation from March 2006 to December 2007; Vice President of Law - Avaya Inc. from September 2000 to February 2006. Mr. Choi has also b... 
Scott Ramsbottom,  Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom,  Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since 2015. He served as the Senior Vice President - Global Information Services from 2014 to 2015, and held various roles in the information services group since joining the Company in 1999. Scott holds a bachelor of business administration in management information systems from Loyola University. ... 
Scott Ramsbottom,  Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer,  Scott Ramsbottom has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since 2015. He served as the Senior Vice President - Global Information Services from 2014 to 2015, and held various roles in the information services group since joining the Company in 1999. Scott holds a bachelor of business administration in management information systems from Loyola University. ... , 
Rodney A. Smith,  Executive Vice President - Human Resources Rodney A. Smith,  Executive Vice President - Human Resources Executive Vice President - Human Resources of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - Human Resources from August 2006 to May 2013.... 
Rodney A. Smith,  Executive Vice President - Human Resources,  Executive Vice President - Human Resources,  of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - Human Resources from August 2006 to May 2013.... 
William A. Standish,  Executive Vice President - Operations William A. Standish,  Executive Vice President - Operations Executive Vice President - Operations of the Company since 2004. Since joining the Company in 1984, Mr. Standish has held several corporate and reporting unit senior management roles.... 
William A. Standish,  Executive Vice President - Operations,  Executive Vice President - Operations,  of the Company since 2004. Since joining the Company in 1984, Mr. Standish has held several corporate and reporting unit senior management roles.... 
Terrance A. Faber,  Senior Vice President - Controller Terrance A. Faber,  Senior Vice President - Controller Senior Vice President - Controller since joining the Company in 2000.... 
Terrance A. Faber,  Senior Vice President - Controller,  Senior Vice President - Controller,  since joining the Company in 2000.... 
Rodney A. Shoemaker,  Senior Vice President -Treasurer Rodney A. Shoemaker,  Senior Vice President -Treasurer Senior Vice President -Treasurer of the Company since July 1999. Mr. Shoemaker has been with the Company since 1986.... 
Rodney A. Shoemaker,  Senior Vice President -Treasurer,  Senior Vice President -Treasurer,  of the Company since July 1999. Mr. Shoemaker has been with the Company since 1986.... 
Investor Relations Management Charters & Governance Documents | Management | Board of Directors | Committee Composition | Ethics Policy Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Eck joined Anixter in 1989 and was named President and Chief Executive Officer in 2008. Prior to that, he held various positions including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Network & Security Solutions, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Solutions and Regional Vice President of Sales. Bob graduated from Marquette University in 1980, and he holds a bachelor’s degree in economics. Since May 2011, he has served on the Board of Directors for Ryder Systems Inc...  Ian Clarke Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions Ian Clarke Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions ...  Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Ted Dosch has been the Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Anixter since July 2011. He was the Senior Vice President of Global Finance at Anixter from January 2009 to June 2011. Prior to joining Anixter, Ted held various positions at the Whirlpool Corporation from November 1999 to January 2009. These positions included Corporate Vice President of Global Productivity, CFO for North America, Vice President of Maytag Integration, Corporate Controller and CFO o...  William A. Galvin Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions William A. Galvin Executive Vice President - Global Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions Bill Galvin is the Executive Vice President for Anixter’s global Network & Security Solutions business. Since 2007, he has overseen the Global Accounts, Security Solutions and U.S. Federal Sales organizations as well as all field sales for Enterprise Cabling Solutions. Bill began his career with Anixter in 1984 and has held many positions in marketing and sales, including the Regional Vice President of Sales for the west coast. After moving to the corporate office in 2005, Bill held the ...  Bob Graham Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham Executive Vice President - Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions Bob Graham was promoted to Executive Vice President for the Global Electrical & Electronic Solutions business in July 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President of the U.S. Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business since January 2011. Bob came to Anixter with the acquisition of the Pentacon business in September 2002, and since then, he has held various senior leadership roles for Anixter’s OEM Fastener business with his most recent position before joining the Wire & Cable division...  Justin C. Choi Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Justin C. Choi Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of the Company from June 2012 to May 2013; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary -Trustwave Holdings from January 2011 to June 2012; Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary - Andrew Corporation from March 2006 to December 2007; Vice President of Law - Avaya Inc. from September 2000 to February 2006. Mr. Choi has also b...  Scott Ramsbottom Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer Scott Ramsbottom has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since 2015. He served as the Senior Vice President - Global Information Services from 2014 to 2015, and held various roles in the information services group since joining the Company in 1999. Scott holds a bachelor of business administration in management information systems from Loyola University. ...  Rodney A. Smith Executive Vice President - Human Resources Rodney A. Smith Executive Vice President - Human Resources Executive Vice President - Human Resources of the Company since May 2013; Vice President - Human Resources from August 2006 to May 2013....  William A. Standish Executive Vice President - Operations William A. Standish Executive Vice President - Operations Executive Vice President - Operations of the Company since 2004. Since joining the Company in 1984, Mr. Standish has held several corporate and reporting unit senior management roles....  Terrance A. Faber Senior Vice President - Controller Terrance A. Faber Senior Vice President - Controller Senior Vice President - Controller since joining the Company in 2000....  Rodney A. Shoemaker Senior Vice President -Treasurer Rodney A. Shoemaker Senior Vice President -Treasurer Senior Vice President -Treasurer of the Company since July 1999. Mr. Shoemaker has been with the Company since 1986....  Replication or redistribution of EDGAR Online, Inc. content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of EDGAR Online, Inc. EDGAR Online, Inc. shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon., 
Manufacturer,  - Product Label/Description, 
http://investors.anixter.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=87282&p=irol-govManage