Gregory E. Abel	title	Chairman	Gregory E. Abel Chairman, President and CEO,  Gregory E. Abel, 54, is chairman, president and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Energy, based in Des Moines, Iowa. Through its energy-related businesses, Berkshire Hathaway Energy provides electric and natural gas service to more than 11.5 million customers worldwide. These businesses are Pacific Power, Rocky Mountain Power and PacifiCorp Transmission, comprising PacifiCorp; MidAmerican Energy Company; NV Energy, Inc.; Northern Powergrid Holdings Company; BHE Pipeline Group; BHE U.S. Transmission; AltaLink, L.P.; BHE Renewables; and HomeServices of America, Inc., which is the second-largest residential real estate brokerage firm in the U.S. Abel serves on the board and executive committee of the Edison Electric Institute. He also serves on the Kraft Heinz Company board of directors; the AEGIS Insurance Services, Inc. board of directors; the Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited board of directors; the Kum & Go, L.L.C. board of directors; and the executive board of the Mid-Iowa Council Boy Scouts of America.
Gregory E. Abel	title	President	Gregory E. Abel Chairman, President and CEO,  Gregory E. Abel, 54, is chairman, president and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Energy, based in Des Moines, Iowa. Through its energy-related businesses, Berkshire Hathaway Energy provides electric and natural gas service to more than 11.5 million customers worldwide. These businesses are Pacific Power, Rocky Mountain Power and PacifiCorp Transmission, comprising PacifiCorp; MidAmerican Energy Company; NV Energy, Inc.; Northern Powergrid Holdings Company; BHE Pipeline Group; BHE U.S. Transmission; AltaLink, L.P.; BHE Renewables; and HomeServices of America, Inc., which is the second-largest residential real estate brokerage firm in the U.S. Abel serves on the board and executive committee of the Edison Electric Institute. He also serves on the Kraft Heinz Company board of directors; the AEGIS Insurance Services, Inc. board of directors; the Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited board of directors; the Kum & Go, L.L.C. board of directors; and the executive board of the Mid-Iowa Council Boy Scouts of America.
Gregory E. Abel	title	CEO	Gregory E. Abel Chairman, President and CEO,  Gregory E. Abel, 54, is chairman, president and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Energy, based in Des Moines, Iowa. Through its energy-related businesses, Berkshire Hathaway Energy provides electric and natural gas service to more than 11.5 million customers worldwide. These businesses are Pacific Power, Rocky Mountain Power and PacifiCorp Transmission, comprising PacifiCorp; MidAmerican Energy Company; NV Energy, Inc.; Northern Powergrid Holdings Company; BHE Pipeline Group; BHE U.S. Transmission; AltaLink, L.P.; BHE Renewables; and HomeServices of America, Inc., which is the second-largest residential real estate brokerage firm in the U.S. Abel serves on the board and executive committee of the Edison Electric Institute. He also serves on the Kraft Heinz Company board of directors; the AEGIS Insurance Services, Inc. board of directors; the Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited board of directors; the Kum & Go, L.L.C. board of directors; and the executive board of the Mid-Iowa Council Boy Scouts of America.
Patrick J. Goodman	title	Executive Vice President	Patrick J. Goodman,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  View Bio, 
Patrick J. Goodman	title	Chief Financial Officer	Patrick J. Goodman,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  View Bio, 
Natalie L. Hocken	title	Senior Vice President	Natalie L. Hocken,  Senior Vice President and General Counsel,  View Bio, 
Natalie L. Hocken	title	General Counsel	Natalie L. Hocken,  Senior Vice President and General Counsel,  View Bio, 
Cathy S. Woollums	title	Senior Vice President	Cathy S. Woollums,  Senior Vice President, Environmental Services and Chief Environmental Counsel,  View Bio, 
Cathy S. Woollums	title	Chief Environmental Counsel	Cathy S. Woollums,  Senior Vice President, Environmental Services and Chief Environmental Counsel,  View Bio, 
