
mobile toggle, 
Become a Partner, Become a Partner, Application Developer Program Reseller Partner Service Partner
Become a Partner, Application Developer Program, Reseller Partner, Service Partner, 
"More and more, innovation requires partnerships, investments and inorganic capabilities built in. You can't innovate at 100% by yourself; it requires an ecosystem.", Eduardo Conrado, Chief Strategy & Innovation Officer, 
Developer of natural language computer interfaces. Learn More, 
Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android). Learn More, 
BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. Learn More, 
Global leader in gunfire detection and location technology. Learn More, 
 , BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. We're a product company, but our products are accessible, reliable, and practical robots designed to help real world problems. We don't design general-purpose robots, hoping that some day they'll have a use. Our robots are specific and purpose-built, targeting problems that can only be solved by ingenious robotic design. Orion is building wearable connected devices to solve planetary-scale problems. SST, Inc. is the global leader in gunfire detection and location technology providing the most trusted, scalable and reliable gunfire alert and analysis available today.
Chief Technology Officer, Schaumburg, Illinois
Managing Director, Schaumburg, Illinois
Investment Director, Silicon Valley
Investment Principal, Schaumburg, Illinois
Investment Director, Israel
http://www.motorolasolutions.com/en_us/about/company-overview/motorola-solutions-venture-capital/our-team.html