
Sandra Beach Lin, Former, Chief Executive Officer, Calisolar
John J. Engel, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Bobby J. Griffin, Former President, International Operations of Ryder System, Inc.
John K. Morgan, Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Zep Inc.
James J. O’Brien, Former, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland, Inc.
Steven A. Raymund, Chairman, Tech Data Corporation
James L. Singleton, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Cürex Group Holdings, LLC
Lynn M. Utter, CEO of First Source LLC
Executive Officers, 
Sandra Beach Lin, Former, Chief Executive Officer, Calisolar Age: 58 Director since 2002 Sandra Beach Lin,  served as Chief Executive Officer of Calisolar, Inc., a solar silicon company, a position she held during 2010 and 2011, until her retirement at
John J. Engel, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Age: 54 Director since 2008 Chairman of the Board John J. Engel,  was elected as Chairman at the 2011 Annual Meeting and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 2009.
Bobby J. Griffin, Former President, International Operations of Ryder System, Inc. Age: 67 Director since 2014 Bobby J. Griffin,  served as President, International Operations of Ryder System, Inc., a global provider of commercial transportation, logistics, and supply
John K. Morgan, Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Zep Inc. Age: 61 Director since 2008 John K. Morgan,  served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zep Inc., a specialty chemicals company, from October 2007 until his retirement in
James J. O’Brien, Former, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland, Inc. Age: 61 Director since 2016 James J. O'Brien served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland Inc., a Fortune 500 company, from 2002 through
Steven A. Raymund, Chairman, Tech Data Corporation Age: 60 Director since 2006 Steven A. Raymund,  began his employment with Tech Data Corporation, a distributor of information technology products, in 1981. From 1986 until his retirement in
James L. Singleton, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Cürex Group Holdings, LLC Age: 60 Director since 1998 James L. Singleton,  is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cürex Group Holdings, LLC, an organization that provides technologies and financial products
Lynn M. Utter, CEO of First Source LLC Age: 53 Director since 2006 Lynn M. Utter,  serves as CEO of First Source LLC, a packager and distributor of national branded, unbranded and private label confectionery products, nuts, 
Executive Officers, 
John J. Engel, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Timothy A. Hibbard, Interim Chief Financial Officer Vice President & Corporate Controller
Diane E. Lazzaris, Senior Vice President, General Counsel
Kim Windrow, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
http://wesco.investorroom.com/index.php?s=20