1.0::::::::He was homeschooled until he was eight years old . Then he went on to a public grammar school for three years . Then he took off a year of school to play sports and mature before high school since he was only 11 . He was educated and taught at Harvard University .
1.0::::::::He was born in Evanston , Illinois to George Donald Rumsfeld and Jeannette Huster , of German descent -LRB- his grandfather was originally from Bremen in Northern Germany -RRB- . Donald Rumsfeld graduated from New Trier High School and attended Princeton University on scholarship -LRB- BA , 1954 -RRB- where he was an accomplished amateur wrestler and served in the United States Navy -LRB- 1954-57 -RRB- as a Naval aviator . While there , he was roommates with Frank Carlucci . He then went on to attend and subsequently drop out of Georgetown University Law Center -LRB- 1957 -RRB- . That same year , during the Eisenhower Administration , he served as Administrative Assistant to a Congressman from Ohio . After a stint with investment banking firm A. G. Becker from 1960 to 1962 , he was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Illinois in 1962 , at the age of 30 , and was re-elected in 1964 , 1966 , and 1968 .
1.0::::::::He worked a year for the accounting firm of Price Waterhouse in San Francisco , and then in August 1940 returned to Harvard to teach in the Business School . Following his involvement there in a program to teach the analytical approaches used in business to officers of the Army Air Forces , he entered the Army as a captain in early 1943 , serving under Col. Curtis LeMay with analysis of U.S. bombers ' efficiency and effectiveness as a major responsibility . He left active duty three years later with the rank of lieutenant colonel . During this period , McNamara helped to plan the 1945 bombing of Tokyo .
1.0::::::::She taught at HB Studios , a well-known New York City acting school , starting in 1957 , and married its co-founder , Herbert Berghof , on January 25 , 1957 . After his death in 1990 she became the school 's chairman .
1.0::::::::Ruth Jayne Lawrence -LRB- born August 2 , 1971 -RRB- is an Associate Professor of mathematics at the Einstein Institute of Mathematics , Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and a researcher in knot theory and algebraic topology . Outside of academic circles , she is best known for being a child prodigy .
1.0::::::::He was a working class Jewish boy who grew up in Brooklyn , New York . He graduated from New York University ` s College of Arts and Sciences in 1953 and received a scholarship to Harvard Law School . He graduated and practiced law in a small firm which folded , then moved on to the firm of Rosenman , Colin , Kaye , Petschek and Freund , which had CBS Records as a client . He was then hired by the legal department of CBS subsidiary Columbia Records .
1.0::::::::Darwin was born in Cambridge into a fine scientific dynasty , the son of the mathematician George Howard Darwin and his wife Maud du Puy , and the grandson of Charles Darwin . He was educated at Marlborough College and , in 1910 , he graduated from Trinity College , Cambridge in mathematics . No doubt , his family connections helped him to secure an immediate post-graduate position at the Victoria University of Manchester , working under Ernest Rutherford and Niels Bohr on Rutherford 's atomic theory . In 1912 , his interests developed into using his mathematical skills assisting Henry Moseley on X-ray diffraction .
1.0::::::::Libby started his government career in the State Department in 1981 under President Ronald Reagan . He has also , at various times in his career , held positions with the American Bar Association , on the board of the RAND Corporation , at the Department of Defense , and as a legal advisor with the United States House of Representatives . He has consulted for the defense contractor Northrop Grumman . He has also been active in the Defense Policy Board of the Pentagon while it was chaired by Richard Perle . -LRB- Reference -LSB- 2 -RSB- -RRB-
1.0::::::::In 1891 , Ford became an engineer with the Edison Illuminating Company , and after his promotion to Chief Engineer in 1893 , he had enough time and money to devote attention to his personal experiments on internal combustion engines . These experiments culminated in 1896 with the completion of his own self-propelled vehicle named the Quadricycle , which he test-drove on June 4 of that year .
1.0::::::::The Bushes moved to Columbus , Ohio , in 1923 , where Bush worked for the Hupp Products Company , where his business efforts generally failed . He left in November 1923 to become president of sales for Stedman Products of South Braintree , Massachusetts . Seven months later , on June 12 , 1924 , future President George H. W. Bush was born . In 1925 , he joined the United States Rubber Company -LRB- based in New York City -RRB- as manager of the foreign division , and moved to Greenwich , Connecticut .
1.0::::::::Returning home after the war , he found work in the television industry with March of Time and then joined the CBS network . He won directing Emmys for his work on the original 1854 CBS teleplay , Twelve Angry Men . Schaffner earned two more Emmy awards for his work on the 1955 television play , `` The Caine Mutiny Court Martial for Ford Star Jubilee . '' He won his fourth Emmy Award for his work on the series , The Defenders .
1.0::::::::After his loss , he went back to writing a column for The Cincinnati Post three times a week that has a wide range of topics .
1.0::::::::In 1937 he inherited his grandfather 's seat on the New York Stock Exchange . He was noted for his involvement in conservation and the protection of wildlife . He funded the expansion of Grand Teton National Park and promoted the creation and expansion of numerous other national parks . He funded William Irwin Thompson 's Lindisfarne Association , a thinktank and retreat .
1.0::::::::Between 1954 and 1956 , Gail Davis starred as the Western sharpshooter , Annie Oakley in the Annie Oakley television series on the ABC network . An adroit horseback rider , Davis also toured North America in Gene Autry 's travelling rodeo . After her retirement from the entertainment business , she made guest appearances at western memorabilia shows and film festivals .
1.0::::::::Robert Emerson `` Bob '' Clampett -LRB- May 8 , 1913 -- May 4 , 1984 -RRB- was an animator , producer , director , and puppeteer best known for his work on the Looney Tunes series of cartoons from Warner Bros. and the television show Time for Beany .
1.0::::::::Reynolds then signed with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was cast in Three Little Words which starred Fred Astaire and Red Skelton . Her appearance in her second movie at MGM , Two Weeks With Love , received strong notices . She then appeared in Mr. Imperium opposite Lana Turner .
1.0::::::::Soon after , she enrolled at London 's Central School of Speech and Drama , where she attended 18 months . Her first movie appearance was in the Columbia Pictures comedy Shampoo -LRB- 1975 -RRB- starring Warren Beatty , Julie Christie , and Goldie Hawn , with Lee Grant , and Jack Warden .
1.0::::::::She was a TV news reporter for NBC 's Dateline NBC from 1989 until 2004 . In August of 2003 , Shriver took an unpaid leave of absence from NBC News when her husband became a candidate in the 2003 California recall . Upon her husband 's inauguration as the 38th Governor of California , she became the First Lady of California on November 17 , 2003 . She then returned to reporting , making two more appearances as an anchor for Dateline NBC . Her broadcast journalism career started with KYW-TV in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
1.0::::::::Nicholas Clooney -LRB- born January 13 , 1934 -RRB- is an American television anchorman , game show and American Movie Classics host , as well as a politician from the state of Kentucky . He is the brother of singer Rosemary Clooney and the father of actor George Clooney .
1.0::::::::As a managing partner of Brown Brothers Harriman , he sat on several corporate boards , including the following :
1.0::::::::When Baldwin was young , he had a job as a busboy at famous New York City disco Studio 54 . He claims he had to quit the job because seeing all of the sex going on around him `` was making me too horny . ''
1.0::::::::Rosemary , Betty , and brother , Nick , as well as her nephew , George Clooney -LRB- Nick 's son -RRB- , all became entertainers . In 1945 the Clooney sisters won a spot on Cincinnati 's radio station WLW as singers . Her sister Betty sang in a duo with Rosemary for much of her early career .
1.0::::::::He worked a year for the accounting firm of Price Waterhouse in San Francisco , and then in August 1940 returned to Harvard to teach in the Business School . Following his involvement there in a program to teach the analytical approaches used in business to officers of the Army Air Forces , he entered the Army as a captain in early 1943 , serving under Col. Curtis LeMay with analysis of U.S. bombers ' efficiency and effectiveness as a major responsibility . He left active duty three years later with the rank of lieutenant colonel . During this period , McNamara helped to plan the 1945 bombing of Tokyo .
1.0::::::::Garcia , went to grade and high school in his native hometown , Utuado . He moved to San Juan where he started to work for the Texas Company as a file clerk .
1.0::::::::He went to school at Marlborough College , and went to Balliol College , Oxford University , and was president of the Oxford Union and editor of Isis .
1.0::::::::Clooney had a five-year stint as a news anchor in Lexington , Kentucky , then went to Cincinnati , Ohio where he was a television and radio personality . In 1974 , he gained his first national fame by hosting the short-lived ABC daytime game show Money Maze . He then returned to local and syndicated radio and television in Cincinnati , including a stint as news anchor for WKRC-TV . He entered print media in 1989 with a column in The Cincinnati Post , then in 1994 resurfaced nationally in television as a host and researcher for the cable channel American Movie Classics , where he introduced and presented backgounds of classic movies , along with Bob Dorian .
1.0::::::::John Snow was born in Toledo , Ohio , on August 2 , 1939 , and studied at Kenyon College and the University of Toledo , from where he graduated in 1962 . He later earned a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Virginia . Snow graduated with a law degree from the George Washington University in 1967 and then taught economics at the University of Maryland , University of Virginia , as well as law at George Washington . He also served as a Visiting Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute in 1977 and a Distinguished Fellow at the Yale School of Management from 1978 until 1980 .
1.0::::::::Page recorded several live comedy albums for the Laff Records label in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's ; One release , Watch It Sucker ! , was titled after Aunt Esther 's catchphrase to cash in on her newfound TV fame .
1.0::::::::In 1958 , Clooney left Columbia , doing a number of recordings for MGM Records and then some for Coral Records . Finally , toward the end of 1958 , she signed with RCA Victor Records , where she stayed until 1963 except for doing some recordings in 1960 for Reprise Records . In 1964 she went to Reprise again , shifting the next year to Dot Records . In 1966 she went to United Artists Records . In 1986 she sang a duet with Wild Man Fischer on `` It 's a Hard Business '' .
1.0::::::::Born in London , UK , the son of actor Sydney Turing Lawford and the former May Somerville Bunny , he spent his early childhood in France , and began acting as a child . He was the victim of sexual abuse several times in childhood . Also as a child he severely injured his arm when he put the arm through a door 's glass pane . Doctors were able to save the arm , but the injury bothered him for many years . The arm injury kept him from being drafted into the armed forces for the Second World War . Prior to the war , Lawford had a gained a contract position with the MGM studios . Lawford 's first major movie role was A Yank At Eton -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . He played a snobby bully opposite Mickey Rooney . The picture was a smash hit and Lawford 's performance was widely praised . He won even greater kudos for his performance in The White Cliffs Of Dover -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . He played a young soldier in World War II . MGM gave the young actor another important role in The Picture of Dorian Gray -LRB- 1945 -RRB- . Lawford 's father also had a role in the film . Lawford also made Son Of Lassie -LRB- 1945 -RRB- and won a Modern Screen magazine readers poll as the most popular actor in Hollywood . His fan mail jumped to thousands of letters a week .
1.0::::::::Homer works in the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant , in Sector 7G , although `` working '' in this case refers largely to dozing and eating doughnuts . He spends a great deal of his time at Moe 's Tavern with his lifelong friends Barney , Carl , Lenny , and bartender Moe . At home he is often to be found sitting on the sofa mindlessly watching TV while snacking on comfort foods and drinking cans of Duff Beer .
1.0::::::::In 1946 McNamara joined Ford Motor Company , which he later said had been the result of a Life magazine article which reported how few college-educated managers there were at the then unprofitable company . He was one of ten former WW II officers known as the '' Whiz Kids '' . Starting as manager of planning and financial analysis , he advanced rapidly through a series of top-level management positions , becoming on 9 November 1960 the first president of Ford from outside the family of Henry Ford , one day after President Kennedy 's election . McNamara received substantial credit for Ford 's expansion and success in the postwar period .
1.0::::::::Clampett worked for a time at Screen Gems as a writer and gagman , but in 1949 , he turned his attentions to television where he created the famous puppet show Time for Beany . The show would earn Clampett three Emmys and count such celebrities as Groucho Marx and Albert Einstein as fans . In 1962 , Clampett created an animated version of the show called Beany and Cecil , which ran on ABC for five years .
1.0::::::::Dole has worked part-time for a Washington , DC , law firm , and engaged in a career of writing , consulting , public speaking , and television appearances . This has included becoming a television commercial spokesman for such products as Viagra and Pepsi-Cola , and as an occasional political commentator on the popular American interview program Larry King Live . He was , for a short time , a commentator opposite Bill Clinton on CBS 's 60 Minutes . He guest-starred as himself on NBC 's Brooke Shields sitcom Suddenly Susan in January 1997 -LRB- shortly after losing the presidential election -RRB- . On the Larry King show he had a heated exchange with Democratic presidential primary candidate Wesley Clark in which he correctly predicted that Clark would lose the New Hampshire primary and other primaries .
1.0::::::::In 1876 , Meyer became the first Professor of Chemistry at the University of Tübingen , where he served until his death there .
1.0::::::::He was noted for his lyrical playing , and performed with John Coltrane , Dexter Gordon , Hampton Hawes , Jackie McLean , and Ike and Tina Turner , among others . He later became an educator , teaching music theory at the University of the District of Columbia ; he was also director of the District of Columbia Music Center jazz workshop band .
1.0::::::::Clarence E. `` Big House '' Gaines -LRB- b. May 21 , 1923 in Paducah , Kentucky - d. April 18 , 2005 in Winston-Salem , North Carolina -RRB- was a former college men 's basketball coach . He coached at Winston-Salem State University from 1946 to 1993 , compiling a 828-447 record . Among his former players is fellow Hall of Famer Earl Monroe and noted commentator and columnist Stephen A. Smith .
1.0::::::::Carlucci was born in Scranton , Pennsylvania . He graduated from Princeton University in 1952 , and attended Harvard University in 1954-55 . He was a naval officer from 1952-54 . He joined the Foreign Service , working for the State Department from 1956 until 1969 . In 1961 he participated in a CIA mission to Congo , in which he used his athletic ability to rescue US citizens from mobs , but was also reportedly involved in the assassination of Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba .
1.0::::::::Prescott Sheldon Bush -LRB- May 15 , 1895 , Columbus , Ohio -- October 8 , 1972 , New York City -RRB- was a U.S. Senator from Connecticut and a Wall Street executive banker with Brown Brothers Harriman . His son , George H. W. Bush , and grandson George W. Bush would both later become U.S. presidents . His father was Samuel Prescott Bush and his mother was Flora Sheldon .
1.0::::::::He came to the attention of a major figure of German astronomy at the time , Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers , by producing a refinement on the orbital calculations for Halley 's Comet . Within two years he had left Kulenkamp and become an assistant at Lilienthal Observatory near Bremen , Germany . There he worked on James Bradley 's stellar observations to produce precise positions for some 3222 stars .
1.0::::::::Janet Flanner -LRB- March 13 , 1892 - November 7 , 1978 -RRB- was a child of Quakers , an American writer and journalist who served as the Paris correspondent of The New Yorker magazine from its inception in 1925 until she retired in 1975 . She also published a single novel , The Cubical City , set in New York City .
1.0::::::::Her family moved to Burbank , California , in 1939 . In 1948 she won the Miss Burbank Beauty Contest which resulted in a motion picture contract with Warner Bros. They gave her a new first name and cast her for small roles in two movies .
1.0::::::::He directed the preparation of the star-maps of the Berlin Academy -LRB- 1830 -- 1859 -RRB- , edited from 1830 and greatly improved the Astronomisches Jahrbuch , and issued four volumes of the Astronomische Beobachtungen of the Berlin observatory -LRB- 1840 -- 1857 -RRB- . Within the following time Encke was involved in the discovery and orbital parameter determination of other short periodic comets and asteroids . In 1837 Encke discovered a gap of about 325 kilometers within the A ring of Saturn , the so called Encke division .
1.0::::::::Roosevelt next attended the Columbia Law School . He passed the bar exam and completed the requirements for a law degree in 1907 but did not bother to actually graduate . In 1908 he took a job with the prestigious Wall Street firm of Carter , Ledyard and Milburn , dealing mainly with corporate law . Meanwhile he had become engaged to Eleanor , despite the fierce resistance of Sara Delano Roosevelt , who was terrified of losing control of Franklin . They were married in March 1905 , and moved into a house bought for them by Sara , who became a frequent house-guest , much to Eleanor 's mortification . Eleanor was painfully shy and hated social life , and at first she desired nothing more than to stay at home and raise Franklin 's children , of which they had six in rapid succession : Anna Eleanor -LRB- 1906 -- 1975 -RRB- , James -LRB- 1907 -- 1991 -RRB- , Franklin Delano , Jr. -LRB- March to November 1909 -RRB- , Elliott -LRB- 1910 -- 1990 -RRB- , a second Franklin Delano Jr. -LRB- 1914 -- 1988 -RRB- , and John Aspinwall -LRB- 1916 -- 1981 -RRB- .
1.0::::::::On 28 February 1934 he and Anthony Fokker each received an excessive half a million dollars for selling fifty military planes to the Soviet government . Elliot and Fokker were able to receive such a large commission because Elliot had close connections to the U.S. Export-Import Bank through his father , Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
1.0::::::::It would be Clampett 's skill in making puppets and dolls that ultimately led to his career in animation . With the aid of an aunt , the young Clampett designed the first Mickey Mouse dolls for Walt Disney . As Clampett would later claim in interviews , Disney was impressed with the young artist , and promised him a job . However , a lack of space at Disney 's tiny Hyperion studio prevented Clampett from taking the position . Instead , he secured a job in 1931 at the studio of Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising where he worked on the studio 's Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series . In his first years at the studio , Clampett mostly worked for Friz Freleng , under whose guidance Clampett grew into an able animator . In 1935 , he designed the studio 's first major star , Porky Pig , who appeared in Freleng 's film I Have n't Got a Hat . Clampett moved to Tex Avery 's unit that same year , and the two soon developed an insanely irreverent style of animation that would set Warner Bros. apart from its competitors . Working apart from the other animators in a dilapidated wooden building , Avery and Clampett soon discovered they were not the only inhabitants . They shared the building with thousands of tiny termites . They christened the building `` Termite Terrace '' , a name eventually used by fans and historians to describe the entire studio .
1.0::::::::Born to Jamaican immigrants , her father a welder , her mother a nurse , Abbott went to Harrow County Grammar School and then to Newnham College , Cambridge where she read history . After leaving university she became a fast-tracked graduate trainee at the Home Office -LSB- 1976 to 1978 -RSB- then she became Race Relations Officer at the National Council for Civil Liberties -LSB- 1978 to 1980 -RSB- Amongst her colleagues at NCCL were Harriet Harman , Patricia Hewitt and Paul Boateng , all of whom went on to become Labour Members of Parliament . She went on to have a career in journalism . She was a researcher and reporter at Thames Television -LSB- 1980 to 1983 -RSB- . She was a researcher and reporter at the breakfast televsion company TV AM -LSB- 1983 to 1985 -RSB- . She was a press officer at the Greater London Council -LSB- 1985 to 1986 -RSB- . She was Head of Press and Public Relations at Lambeth Council -LSB- 1986 to 1987 -RSB- . In 1982 she was elected to Westminster City Council , one of the first black women councillors ever elected . In 1987 she was elected to parliament . She has always been on the left of the party , and is a member of the Campaign Group .
1.0::::::::In 1934 , Banister joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation -LRB- FBI -RRB- . Originally based in Indianapolis , he later moved to New York City where he was involved in the investigation of the American Communist Party . J. Edgar Hoover was impressed by Bannister 's work and in 1938 he was promoted to run the FBI unit in Butte , Montana . He also served in Oklahoma City , Minneapolis and Chicago before he retired from the FBI in 1954 .
