
About CMS Energy Our History Strategy Guiding Principles Leadership Board of Directors Officers Consumers Energy Electric Business Natural Gas Business CMS Enterprises Overview Development Generation Assets Gas Transmission, & Storage Energy Resource, Management (ERM) EnerBank® USA Investor Relations Corporate Overview Events & Presentations News Releases Glossary Financial Information Annual Reports Proxy Materials Quarterly Earnings Supplemental Regulatory Filings CMS Energy SEC Filings Consumers Energy, SEC Filings Rate Case Summaries Consumers 2014, Securitization Funding LLC Interactive Analyst Center Stock Information Analyst Coverage Investor Resources Contact IR, & Email Contacts Information, Request Receive, Email Alerts Online, Investor Kit Shareowner Services Stock Plan Prospectus Tax Information Manage Your Account Online Wells Fargo Corporate Governance Our View on Governance Directors Directors Details Officers Governance Documents Contact the Board Compliance & Ethics Newsroom Media Contacts News Releases Latest Presentation Our History Strategy Leadership Board of Directors Officers Environment Corporate Responsibility Careers, 
Mobile Search, 
CMS Energy Stock Price 45.15 +0.00 +0% Volume: 1, 977, 100 08.01.16 05:00 ET About CMS Energy Our History Strategy Guiding Principles Leadership Board of Directors Officers Consumers Energy Electric Business Natural Gas Business CMS Enterprises Overview Development Generation Assets Gas Transmission, & Storage Energy Resource, Management (ERM) EnerBank® USA Investor Relations Corporate Overview Events & Presentations News Releases Glossary Financial Information Annual Reports Proxy Materials Quarterly Earnings Supplemental Regulatory Filings CMS Energy SEC Filings Consumers Energy, SEC Filings Rate Case Summaries Consumers 2014, Securitization Funding LLC Interactive Analyst Center Stock Information Analyst Coverage Investor Resources Contact IR, & Email Contacts Information, Request Receive, Email Alerts Online, Investor Kit Shareowner Services Stock Plan Prospectus Tax Information Manage Your Account Online Wells Fargo Corporate Governance Our View on Governance Directors Directors Details Officers Governance Documents Contact the Board Compliance & Ethics Newsroom Media Contacts News Releases Latest Presentation Our History Strategy Leadership Board of Directors Officers Environment Corporate Responsibility Careers, 
About CMS Energy Our History Strategy Guiding Principles Leadership Board of Directors Officers Consumers Energy Electric Business Natural Gas Business CMS Enterprises Overview Development Generation Assets Gas Transmission, & Storage Energy Resource, Management (ERM) EnerBank® USA Investor Relations Corporate Overview Events & Presentations News Releases Glossary Financial Information Annual Reports Proxy Materials Quarterly Earnings Supplemental Regulatory Filings CMS Energy SEC Filings Consumers Energy, SEC Filings Rate Case Summaries Consumers 2014, Securitization Funding LLC Interactive Analyst Center Stock Information Analyst Coverage Investor Resources Contact IR, & Email Contacts Information, Request Receive, Email Alerts Online, Investor Kit Shareowner Services Stock Plan Prospectus Tax Information Manage Your Account Online Wells Fargo Corporate Governance Our View on Governance Directors Directors Details Officers Governance Documents Contact the Board Compliance & Ethics Newsroom Media Contacts News Releases Latest Presentation Our History Strategy Leadership Board of Directors Officers Environment Corporate Responsibility Careers Disclaimer Please note that you are now entering a website directly or indirectly maintained by a third party (the "External Site") and that you do so at your own risk. CMS Energy, Corp. (“CMS”) has no control over the External Site, any data or other content contained therein or any additional linked websites. The link to the External Site is provided for convenience purposes only. By clicking “Accept” you acknowledge and agree that neither CMS nor third party provider Virtua Research, Inc. (“Virtua) is responsible, or accepts or assumes any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, the content, the data or the technical operation of the Linked Site. Further, by entering the External Site, you also acknowledge and agree that you completely and irrevocably waive any and all rights and claims against CMS and Virtua and further acknowledge and agree that in no event shall CMS or Virtua, its officers, employees, directors and agents be liable for any (i) indirect, consequential, incidental, special, compensatory or punitive damages, (ii) damages for loss of income, loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of data or business information, loss of or damage to property, (iii) claims of third parties, or (iv) other pecuniary loss, arising out of or related to the Legal Notice, this disclaimer or the External Site By entering the External Site, you further acknowledge and agree that the disclaimer of warranties and limitations of liability set out in this disclaimer shall apply regardless of the causes, circumstances or form of action giving rise to the loss, damage, claim or liability, even if such loss, damage, claim or liability is based upon breach of contract (including, without limitation, a claim of fundamental breach or breach of a fundamental term), tort (including, without limitation, negligence), strict liability or any other legal or equitable theory, and even if CMS and Virtua are advised of the possibility of the loss, damage, claim or liability. The waiver and release specifically includes, without limitation, any and all rights and claims pertaining to the processing of personal data, including but not limited to any rights under any applicable data protection statute(s). If in any jurisdiction, any part of this disclaimer is held to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such part of this disclaimer shall be restricted or eliminated to the minimum extent and the remaining disclaimer shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. Please note the information presented is deemed representative at the time of its original release. Changes in historical information may occur due to adjustments in accounting and reporting standards & procedures. Non-GAAP Information In addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with GAAP, CMS may also disclose certain non-GAAP and pro forma non-GAAP results of operations, including net income, earnings per share, and operating income that make certain adjustments or exclude certain charges and gains that are outlined in the schedules included in this website. CMS provides historical financial results on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Management views adjusted earnings as a key measure of the company’s present operating financial performance and uses adjusted earnings for external communications with analysts and investors. Internally, the company uses adjusted earnings to measure and assess performance. Adjustments could include items such as discontinued operations, asset sales, impairments, restructuring costs, regulatory items from prior years, or other items. Because the company is not able to estimate the impact of specific line items, which have the potential to significantly impact, favorably or unfavorably, the company’s reported earnings in future periods, the company is not providing reported earnings guidance nor is it providing a reconciliation for the comparable future period earnings. CMS and Virtua also take no responsibility for third party pricing data provided for informational purposes and certain ratio results formulated from the provided third party pricing data. The non-GAAP information is not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to non-GAAP information used by other companies. The non-GAAP information should be considered supplemental information to assist in fully understanding our business results, rather than as a substitute for the reported earnings. A reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is included as a separate link and also posted on the CMS website at www.cmsenergy.com. Accept | Decline Officers Patricia K. Poppe, President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Patricia K. Poppe is President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, which serves 1.8 million electric customers and 1.7 million natural gas customers. The company has annual revenues of $6.1 billion, assets totaling $18.6 billion and 7, 300 employees. She was elected to this position in July 2016. Poppe most recently served as Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, Engineering and Transmission. She was responsible for engineering, maintenance and operations of the electric and natural gas delivery systems. Prior to that, Poppe served as Vice President of Customer Experience, Rates and Regulation. She joined Consumers Energy in January 2011 as Vice President of Customer Operations. Previously, Poppe served as a Power Plant Director at DTE Energy. Prior to joining DTE Energy, Poppe held a variety of plant management positions in the automotive industry. Poppe earned a master’s degree in management from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and received a bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University. Thomas J. Webb, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Thomas J. Webb is executive vice president and chief financial officer of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was named to this position in 2002. Webb also serves as chairman of the board of EnerBank USA, a nationwide provider of consumer loans. Before joining CMS Energy, Webb had been executive vice president and chief financial officer for Kellogg Co. At Kellogg, he helped drive the purchase of Keebler Co., the largest acquisition in Kellogg’s history. He led the financing effort which included the largest bond offering to that date, $4.6 billion, in the history of the consumer-branded industry. From 1996 to 1999, Webb was senior vice president and chief financial officer of Visteon, an $18 billion automotive components business with major production facilities in 30 countries. Webb began his career at Ford Motor Co. in 1977, holding increasingly responsible financial and managerial positions internationally for more than 22 years. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree and Master of Business Administration in finance from George Mason University. He received the National Distinguished Service Award from the Boy Scouts of America. He is a member of the boards of directors for the Business Leaders for Michigan and Southwest Michigan First. John M. Butler, Senior Vice President of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company John M. Butler is senior vice president of human resources and shared services for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was elected to this position in 2006. Butler is responsible for overseeing CMS Energy’s human resources strategy and the key human resources activities for the company, including employee benefits, compensation, organization and work force development, diversity, equal employment opportunity, safety and health, business operations, work force relations, labor relations and all human resources services for more than 7, 100 CMS Energy and Consumers Energy employees. His responsibilities for shared services include managing supply chain, purchasing, information technology, learning and development, real estate, fleet services, security, asset protection, aviation services and corporate travel. Before joining CMS Energy, Butler was the global human resources director for manufacturing and engineering at The Dow Chemical Co. in Midland, Mich. In these positions, Butler is credited with effectively linking human resources plans to business strategy. He held a series of increasingly responsible management positions with both domestic and global responsibility in the United States and Europe during his 15-year tenure with Dow. Butler earned a master’s degree in business administration in 1991 from Indiana University, with a focus on human resources and finance. Prior to graduate school, he had a successful sales career in the transportation industry, working for Emery Worldwide. Butler earned a bachelor’s degree in business in 1986 from the University of Tennessee, with a major in marketing and logistics. Daniel J. Malone, Senior Vice President of Energy Resources of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Daniel J. Malone is senior vice president of energy resources for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was elected to the position in March 2015. Malone has overall responsibility for the sourcing and supply of electricity and natural gas for Consumers Energy’s electric and gas customers. This includes responsibility for the operation and engineering of Consumers Energy’s coal and natural gas fueled and renewable generating fleet, purchase of gas, electricity and generation related fuels, corporate environmental performance and engineering, and laboratory services. He is also responsible for the engineering and implementation of all major construction projects, including new generation capacity for the company. Prior to his current role, Malone served as Consumers Energy’s vice president of distribution operations & engineering and transmission since 2013. Malone joined Consumers Energy in 1984 as a graduate health physicist in the radiological services department and has spent the majority of his career with the company. From 2001 to 2006, he held leadership positions with Nuclear Management Co., which operated Consumers Energy’s Palisades nuclear plant in Covert, Mich. In 2006, Malone rejoined Consumers Energy as manager of the equipment services department. Later the same year, he was named site business manager for the utility’s J.H. Campbell Generating Complex in Port Sheldon Township, west of Grand Rapids, Mich. Malone earned a bachelor’s degree in environmental science from Purdue University and holds a nuclear senior reactor operator certification. In 2008, he completed the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business School. David G. Mengebier, Senior Vice President of Governmental, Regulatory & Public Affairs of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company As Senior Vice President of Governmental, Regulatory and Public Affairs for CMS Energy and its subsidiaries, David G. Mengebier leads a team of public policy, regulatory, governmental, communications and corporate giving experts. Their work helps shape Michigan’s energy future and tells Consumers Energy’s story to customers, regulators, legislators and other key stakeholders. With more than 25 years of energy policy experience, Mengebier is responsible for managing CMS Energy’s governmental and regulatory relations and public affairs activities in Michigan and in other states where CMS Energy has investments. He also is president of the CMS Energy and Consumers Energy charitable foundations. Mengebier’s previous CMS Energy roles include Vice President of Governmental and International Affairs (1999 to 2001), Executive Director of Federal Governmental Affairs (1995 to 1999), and Director of Federal Governmental Affairs (1991 to 1995). Mengebier also previously served for eight years as Chief Compliance Officer. Before joining CMS Energy, Mengebier was a staff member in the U.S. House of Representatives and legislative counsel to a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit organization. Mengebier earned a bachelor’s degree in economics, public administration and political science from Michigan State University in 1981 and a law degree from Thomas M. Cooley Law School in Lansing, Mich., in 1984. He earned an MBA from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan in 2006. Mengebier is a board member of the Michigan Chamber of Commerce, Keystone Energy, Great Lakes Water Quality Board, Little Traverse Conservancy and TraverseCONNECT. He is also a member of the Washington, D.C., Bar Association. Catherine M. Reynolds, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Catherine M. Reynolds is senior vice president and general counsel of CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. She was elected to this position in 2013 and is responsible for the legal department and all legal matters affecting the company. She also has overall responsibility for corporate secretary activities, investor services, corporate records, compliance and strategy functions. She previously was vice president, deputy general counsel and corporate secretary from 2012-2013 and vice president and corporate secretary from 2006-2012. She joined the company in 1979 and transferred to the legal department after earning her law degree in 1983. She worked in a variety of areas, including 10 years in litigation before focusing on marketing, electronic commerce and corporate issues. She was appointed assistant general counsel over the general practice group of the legal department in 2004 and was responsible for supervising the attorneys handling environmental, labor, benefits, property, contracts, property tax, zoning and insurance matters. Reynolds earned her law degree from the Thomas M. Cooley Law School in 1983 and a Bachelor of Science degree from Michigan State University in 1979. She is a Director on the Jackson County Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Jackson County, Michigan and American Bar Associations. Brian F. Rich, Senior Vice President of Customer Experience and Chief Information Officer of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Brian Rich is Senior Vice President of Customer Experience and Chief Information Officer (CIO) for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. Rich is responsible for Consumers Energy’s overall customer experience and satisfaction, and oversees digital platforms, customer insights and marketing. As CIO, Rich is responsible for the company’s technology strategy, cyber security and IT operations. Rich also maintains responsibility for the budget planning process. Rich joined CMS Energy as CIO in 2014 to advance the company’s strategic goals with resilient, integrated information technologies. Rich is credited with effectively improving operational performance, elevating IT as a strategic capability and also delivering several new technology capabilities, including smart energy, digital customer experience and field mobility. Rich is a 20-year veteran of the energy industry with more than 14 years at Accenture and four years as a Vice President at San Francisco-based Pacific Gas and Electric Co. Rich holds a bachelor’s degree in management information systems from The George Washington University, and completed an Executive Management Program in cyber security policy at Harvard in 2015. Rich is a member of the Edison Electric Institute CIO Executive Advisory Committee, the UNITE Utility CIO Consortium and the Michigan Cyber Security CIO Kitchen Cabinet. Rich also serves as Executive Chair of the Consumers Energy United Way of Jackson County campaign. Garrick J. Rochow, Senior Vice President of Distribution and Customer Operations of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Garrick J. Rochow is Senior Vice President of Distribution and Customer Operations for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was named to this position in July 2016. Rochow has overall responsibility for the company’s electric and gas distribution systems, engineering, energy operations, electric and gas transmission and customer operations. Previously, Rochow served as Consumers Energy’s Vice President of Customer Experience, Rates and Regulation, and Quality, and was Chief Customer Officer. From 2010 to 2013, Rochow served as Vice President of Energy Delivery for Consumers Energy. He was responsible for the engineering and planning of the company’s electric and natural gas distribution systems. Rochow joined Consumers Energy in 2003 and has held several leadership positions, including combustion turbine business manager at the Zeeland generating facility and site production manager at the Campbell Generating Complex. Rochow began his utility career as an environmental lead at the Holland Board of Public Works, served as a maintenance superintendent at that municipal utility and managed steam turbine and boiler outage responsibilities. Rochow graduated from Michigan Technological University with a bachelor’s degree in environmental engineering and earned a master’s degree in business administration from Western Michigan University. He also has attended an Executive Education program at the University of Wisconsin-Madison’s Wisconsin School of Business. Glenn P. Barba, Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and New Business Development of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Glenn P. Barba is vice president, controller and chief accounting officer of CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. In March 2015, he also assumed responsibility for new business development. As the company’s principal accounting officer, he is responsible for corporate accounting policy, financial and regulatory reporting, accounting operations, internal control, tax accounting and compliance and budget services. Barba joined CMS Energy in 1997 as controller of the independent power production subsidiary, CMS Generation. In 2001 he was appointed controller of Consumers Energy and served in that role until he was elected vice president, controller and chief accounting officer of CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. Prior to joining CMS Energy, Barba spent nine years in public accounting, focusing on the energy industry. Barba is a certified public accountant and a member of the Michigan Association of CPAs. He is a 1988 graduate of the University of Michigan, earning a master’s degree in accounting concurrently with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. Barba completed the Harvard Business School General Management Program in 2008. Annette Gardiner, Vice President of Shared Services of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Annette Gardiner is vice president of shared services for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. She was elected to this position in 2014. Gardiner is responsible for overseeing CMS Energy’s supply chain, learning and development, corporate safety and business services, including fleet, facilities, emergency management, security, real estate and general services. Before joining CMS Energy, she served as president of New Mexico Gas Company, New Mexico’s largest natural gas utility. Previously, she worked at SEMCO Energy Gas Co., in Port Huron, Mich., holding positions of increasing responsibility, including: Director of Engineering; Vice President of Technical Services and Regulatory Affairs; and Vice President of Operations. Gardiner holds a Bachelor’s degree from Michigan Technological University and an Executive Master’s degree of Business Administration from Michigan State University. She is also a registered professional engineer in Michigan and New Mexico. Gardiner has served on the managing committee of the American Gas Association and the boards of the Western Energy Institute and Midwest Energy Association. In 2014, she received the Midwest Energy Association’s Maverick Award for promoting, connecting and strengthening female leaders in energy operations and engineering. She also received a 2013 “Women of Influence” Award from Albuquerque Business First. Melissa M. Gleespen, Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Melissa M. Gleespen is vice president, corporate secretary and chief compliance officer for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. She is responsible for managing CMS Energy and Consumers Energy corporate secretary activities, as well as its investor services, securities law matters, and corporate records department. She was elected vice president and corporate secretary for CMS Energy and Consumers Energy in 2013. As chief compliance officer, Gleespen has oversight of regulatory, Code of Conduct and corporate policy compliance. Gleespen joined the company in 2013 as supervisory assistant general counsel. She has an extensive background in corporate governance, disclosure regulations, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reporting and compliance. She earned her bachelor’s degree from Harvard University Extension School and her law degree from Northeastern University School of Law. Catherine A. Hendrian, Vice President of Human Resources of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Catherine A. Hendrian is vice president of human resources for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. She was elected to this position in March 2015. Hendrian has overall responsibility for the company’s Human Resources function. Prior to her current role, Hendrian served as Consumers Energy’s human resources director working with customer operations and quality, information technology, rates and regulation and governmental & public affairs. Hendrian joined Consumers Energy in 2002 as senior human resources consultant. She has served in various strategy and workforce development roles with increasing responsibilities, including human resources strategy, performance and communications director and human resources director. Prior to joining Consumers Energy, she worked at Ford Motor Company in various human resources roles from 1993 to 2002. Hendrian earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology with a specialization in Organizational Psychology from the University of Michigan and a Master of Science Degree in Human Resources and Organizational Development from Eastern Michigan University. Shaun M. Johnson, Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Shaun M. Johnson is vice president and deputy general counsel of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was named to this position in 2016. Johnson oversees litigation, general practice and federal energy regulatory practice groups and provides legal oversight for business development activities. Johnson formerly served as director of the energy industry group for the law firm Dykema Gossett PLLC, specializing in public utilities, energy and taxation. He represented several public utility and energy clients throughout the United States and helped develop cost-effective business strategies and goals. Johnson holds a bachelor’s degree from Saginaw Valley State University and a law degree from Michigan State University. He is a member of the Ingham County, Michigan, and Federal Energy Bar Associations, and is the chair-elect of the Michigan Bar Association’s Administrative Law Section Council. Scott McIntosh, Vice President of Tax of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Scott McIntosh is vice president of tax for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was elected to this position in 2015. McIntosh is responsible for the tax department, including regulatory issues, domestic tax matters, and acquisitions and divestitures. McIntosh joined Consumers Energy in 2004 and has held increasingly responsible tax positions. McIntosh last served as director of tax compliance and accounting, leading regulatory issues and tax strategy, and monitoring tax law changes and their impacts to the company. His previous roles with the company include tax manager and senior tax analyst. Prior to joining Consumers Energy, McIntosh served as tax manager with The Rehmann Group of Jackson, Mich., and as senior tax analyst with Arthur Andersen, LLP in Detroit. McIntosh is a certified public accountant (CPA). He holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from Michigan State University, and a master's degree in taxation from Golden Gate University. Venkat Dhenuvakonda (DV) Rao, Vice President, Treasurer, Financial Planning and Investor Relations of CMS Energy Corporation and Consumers Energy Company Venkat Dhenuvakonda (DV) Rao is vice president, treasurer, financial planning and investor relations for CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy. He was elected to the position in March 2015. Prior to his current role, Rao served as vice president of financial planning and treasurer for CMS Energy and Consumers Energy since 2012. He is responsible for developing the financial plan for the company, managing corporate liquidity, financing and treasury operations, and maintaining relationships with investors, banks and rating agencies. He also is a member of the Benefit Administration Committee, which is responsible for the investment management of the employee benefit plans, including pension, 401(k), health care and life insurance. Rao joined CMS Energy in 1999 as a financial analyst in the global finance group. From 2000 to 2003, he handled several restructuring and project financing transactions for CMS Energy. In 2004, he joined Consumers Energy as a director of financial planning. Before joining CMS Energy, he held project financing responsibilities for five years at ICICI Banking Corporation in Mumbai, India. Rao earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Mumbai and a post-graduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) in Lucknow. He is a CFA charterholder. In 2010, he completed the Graduate Management Program at Harvard Business School. John P. Broschak, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company John P. Broschak is vice president of generation operations for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy, with overall responsibility for the operation of the company’s fossil-fueled, hydroelectric and renewable generating units, and gas compression and storage facilities. Most recently, Broschak served as vice president of major projects and construction for Consumers Energy. In that role, Broschak provided project leadership, management and administration for complex and mission-critical capital investments. He also monitored significant company business risks including emission reduction projects at company generating plants, construction of renewable and fossil generation, and other large-scale construction projects. Previously, Broschak was vice president of engineering for Wolf Creek Nuclear Operating Corporation in Burlington, Kansas from 2011 to 2014. Earlier, Broschak held increasingly responsible positions at Entergy and Nuclear Management Company. He began his utility career at Consumers Energy in 1992 at Palisades Nuclear Plant after serving as an officer in the U.S. Navy for six years. Broschak earned a master’s degree in business administration from University of Chicago and a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from Pennsylvania State University. He is a licensed professional engineer in the states of Michigan and Kansas. Broschak previously held a senior reactor operator license and project management professional certification. Charles C. Crews, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Charles C. Crews is vice president of gas operations for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. He was elected to this position in 2015. Crews has responsibility for gas transmission, distribution, and the integrity of the company's gas system. Crews also oversees gas measurement and Consumers Energy’s appliance service business. Crews last served as Consumers Energy’s executive director of gas system integrity and enhancement, and oversaw gas transmission pipeline and distribution construction. In this role, he also managed the company’s enhanced infrastructure replacement program to modernize aging gas pipelines and distribution facilities. Crews joined Consumers Energy in 2013 as director of project management and controls for Consumers Energy’s distribution, operations, engineering and transmission organization. His previous experience includes 20 years in roles of increasing responsibility at NiSource, Inc. in Columbus, Ohio and Houston, Texas. Crews holds a bachelor's degree in industrial and systems engineering from Ohio University, and a master's degree with high distinction in business administration from Capital University. He also attended executive leadership programs at Rice University, Carnegie Mellon, and the American Gas Association. Dennis D. Dobbs, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Dennis D. Dobbs is Vice President of Enterprise Project Management, Engineering and Services for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of Consumers Energy. Dobbs is responsible for project leadership, management and administration for complex and mission-critical capital investments. Dobbs also leads generation engineering and services, and development of renewable and conventional generating units. Dobbs also oversees environmental compliance and strategy, and administrative support and strategic planning for the generating plants. Prior to his current position, Dobbs served as the Site Business Manager of the Karn/Weadock Generating Complex in Essexville, Mich., from 2008 to 2011. He joined Consumers Energy as a Senior Engineer in 1999 and has held a series of increasingly responsible positions at the company, including Karn/Weadock Site Production Manager, and Weadock Plant Business Manager, Site Economic-Based Reliability Manager and Economic-Based Reliability Lead. Dobbs began his utility career at Illinois Power in 1991 after serving in the U.S. Army during Operation Desert Storm. He earned a master’s of business administration degree from Illinois State University and a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Brandon J. Hofmeister, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Brandon J. Hofmeister is Vice President of Governmental and Public Affairs for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. Hofmeister is responsible for Consumers Energy’s engagement and relationships with federal, state and local governmental officials and other stakeholders across Michigan. Previously, Hofmeister served as Consumers Energy’s Executive Director of Policy, Research and Public Affairs. Hofmeister joined Consumers Energy in 2013 and has been responsible for research and analysis of policy, economic, and technological trends, public and community affairs, and the company’s sustainability initiative. Prior to joining Consumers Energy, Hofmeister served as an Assistant Professor of Law at Wayne State University and as Visiting Professor of Law at the University of Michigan. Hofmeister focused on energy and climate law and policy. Previously, Hofmeister was Special Counsel for Energy and Climate Policy and Deputy Legal Counsel to Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm. Hofmeister led state energy policy reforms, helped implement the Governor's clean energy economic development efforts and coordinated with Congress and the Obama administration on federal energy and climate policies. Hofmeister holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in government from Harvard College, and also is a Harvard Law School graduate. In 2009, he was one of two Americans selected as a Chevening Fellow at the University of Edinburgh's Business School, where he studied finance and investment in a low-carbon economy with policymakers from around the world. Guy C. Packard, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Guy C. Packard is vice president of electric operations for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. Packard has overall responsibility for the construction, operation and maintenance of the company’s electric system that provides safe, reliable energy service to 1.8 million electric customers. Packard also oversees network services and metering operations. Most recently, Packard was vice president of generation operations, with overall responsibility for the operation of the company’s fossil-fueled and hydroelectric generating units. He previously served as site general business manager of Consumers Energy’s Karn/Weadock site. He also sat on the Board for the Bay Area Chamber of Commerce. Prior to that, Packard was site general business manager at Consumers Energy’s J.H. Campbell Generating Facility. Packard joined Consumers Energy in 1985 at the Palisades Nuclear Plant, serving in roles with increasing leadership responsibilities. In 2006, Packard became the site general manager at the Point Beach Nuclear Plant in Two Rivers, Wisc., for Nuclear Management Co. before returning to Consumers Energy in 2008. Packard graduated from Iowa State University with a bachelor of science in nuclear engineering. He has a master’s in engineering management from Western Michigan University. Packard served in the United States Navy Reserve while earning his bachelor’s degree. Mary P. Palkovich, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Mary P. Palkovich is vice president of energy delivery for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. She was named to this position in 2013. Palkovich is responsible for the engineering and planning of the company’s electric and natural gas distribution systems. She leads the development and execution of plans to maintain, upgrade and expand the distribution systems that provide safe, reliable and affordable energy service to the company’s 2.9 million customers. Palkovich also oversees low- and high-voltage electric distribution, forestry, electrical system control and monitoring, gas pipeline integrity, gas metering and regulation, and gas transmission, compression and storage. Palkovich joined Consumers Energy in 2012 as executive manager of gas asset management at Consumers Energy. Prior to joining the company, Palkovich worked for CenterPoint Energy, Minnegasco, and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Company in various engineering and leadership roles. Palkovich graduated from University of Missouri-Kansas City with a Bachelors in Computer Science and Mathmatics in 1989. She previously attended Michigan Technological University and earned an Associate of Applied Science degree in Civil Engineering Technology in 1982. Timothy J. Sparks, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Timothy J. Sparks is vice president of energy supply operations for Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. He has overall responsibility for daily energy supply operations, which includes commodity purchasing and delivery, power supply cost recovery and gas cost recovery matters, generation dispatch and gas control operations, and regulatory compliance. Sparks was named to this position in 2010. Prior to his current position, Sparks was director of fossil fuel supply and oversaw the procurement and transportation of fuel for the company’s fossil fuel generating plants. He helped develop the utility’s electric fuel cost recovery for regulatory filings and provided fuel price forecasts for electric rate cases and power supply cost recovery cases, and corporate planning. From 2001 to 2006, Sparks served as director of electric system planning and protection and was responsible for the relay protection and planning of the utility’s high-voltage electric system. Before 2001, he held increasingly responsible engineering and management positions in the company’s electric system operations and electric transmission areas. Sparks joined the company in 1990 as a graduate engineer and handled electric system, bulk power substation, distribution substation and customer substation planning for western Michigan. Sparks graduated from Michigan Technological University with a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering. He also received a master’s in business administration from Western Michigan University. Sparks is a registered professional engineer with the state of Michigan and a senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers. Michael A. Torrey, Vice President of Consumers Energy Company Michael A. Torrey is Vice President of Rates and Regulation of Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of CMS Energy. He was named to this position in 2016. Torrey is responsible for ratemaking and regulatory activities, including rate reviews by the Michigan Public Service Commission. Torrey also leads tariff administration and compliance activities required to provide regulated energy services to 2.9 million customers. Torrey joined Consumers Energy’s rates department in 1998, serving in increasingly responsible leadership positions. He most recently served as Executive Director of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Torrey first joined Consumers Energy in 1983 as part of the controller’s group at the Palisades Nuclear Plant. Torrey graduated from the University of Michigan-Flint with a bachelor’s degree in business administration and accounting. He holds a master of business administration (MBA) in finance from Western Michigan University., 
http://www.cmsenergy.com/corporate-governance/officers/default.aspx