
Avis Car Rental,  Budget Car Rental,  Budget Truck Rental,  Apex Car Rentals,  Zipcar,  Payless Car Rental,  Maggiore,  The Avis Budget Timeline, 
Company Information Our Brands Avis Car Rental Budget Car Rental Budget Truck Rental Apex Car Rentals Zipcar Payless Car Rental Maggiore The Avis Budget Timeline Our Purpose, Mission & Vision Executives Diversity & Inclusion Workforce Diversity Supplier Diversity Our Communities Investor Relations The Sidebar Avis Budget Group Celebrates One Year Anniversary of Zipcar Acquisition Media Press Releases Fact Sheets Photos & Logos Subscribe RSS Careers,  Contact Us Avis Budget Group Community Relations/Donations Customer Service General Supplier Inquiries Human Resources Investor Relations Comments/Questions Marketing and Sponsorships Product Development Supplier Diversity Vehicle Remarketing Customer Service
Contact Us,  Avis Budget Group Community Relations/Donations Customer Service General Supplier Inquiries Human Resources Investor Relations Comments/Questions Marketing and Sponsorships Product Development Supplier Diversity Vehicle Remarketing Customer Service
Avis Budget Group,  Community Relations/Donations Customer Service General Supplier Inquiries Human Resources Investor Relations Comments/Questions Marketing and Sponsorships Product Development Supplier Diversity Vehicle Remarketing
Community Relations/Donations,  Customer Service,  General Supplier Inquiries,  Human Resources,  Investor Relations Comments/Questions,  Marketing and Sponsorships,  Product Development,  Supplier Diversity,  Vehicle Remarketing, 
Avis Budget Group Community Relations/Donations Customer Service,  General Supplier Inquiries Human Resources Investor Relations Comments/Questions Marketing and Sponsorships Product Development Supplier Diversity Vehicle Remarketing Customer Service, 
	1Lynn Boccio	,  - 	2Vice President	, 	3Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
	1Susan Pettit	,  - 	2Senior Procurement Specialist	, 	3Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
	1Lyndelle Abela	,  - 	2Program Coordinator	, 	3Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
	1Robert Bouta	,  - 	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Properties & Facilities Department
	1Lynn Boccio	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Our Team Professionals You Know… People You Trust Lynn Boccio - Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit - Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela - Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Robert Bouta - Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Lynn Boccio Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lynn Boccio heads the supplier diversity team at Avis Budget Group and oversees the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program at the Company's airport locations, as well as its corporate world headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. Lynn is involved in several outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and in the New York Metropolitan Area. She is presently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Women Presidents’ Educational Organization and the 2nd Vice Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council. In addition, Lynn serves on the Board of Directors of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. Lynn has held numerous other positions on other regional and national boards and committees that advocate for minority and woman businesses. Lynn has been repeatedly awarded for the excellence she displays in the Supplier Diversity field. In 1999 she became the first woman ever to be honored by the Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. That same year, Minority Business News USA selected Lynn to appear in the limited special edition “Best of the Decade in Supplier/Workforce Diversity 1990-2000” for her contributions over the previous 10 years in the area of minority business. She was awarded the 2002 Women & Diversity Award from America’s Athletes with Disabilities. Lynn has also made various television appearances on “Hispanic Business Today,” a weekly program on WNBC-TV in New York, and was MBE Advocate of the Year in New York City at the New York New Jersey Minority Purchasing Council’s Annual Partnership Awards Gala. In 2004, Lynn received the prestigious Award of the Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council, recognizing Lynn’s outstanding, direct and personal contributions toward the success of AMAC. Avis Budget Group has also recognized her twice for her outstanding work at making the Avis and Budget brands more diverse. Prior to joining Avis in 1996, Lynn practiced as a defense attorney with one of the nation’s leading law firms. She is a former prosecutor who worked for television personality “Judge Judy,” and as Assistant Corporation Counsel for the City of New York, she defended the City in high profile cases. On top of her role with Avis Budget Group, Lynn is a faculty member at The National Institute of Trial Advocacy at Hofstra University School of Law in Hempstead, NY. Lynn holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Ohio State University and a Juris Doctor from the Hofstra University School of Law. She is fluent in Spanish and lives on Long Island with her two daughters. Back to top,  Susan Pettit Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit gained more than fifteen years of procurement experience in the Purchasing Department with Avis Rent A Car System, Inc. prior to joining the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations team in 2002. In her various capacities in Purchasing, Susan set up, implemented and maintained numerous national account programs and was responsible for purchasing the commercial print/forms in addition to maintaining inventory for over 100 line items. Through the years of close contact with field operations and the World Headquarters business units, Susan has acquired the working knowledge of the company’s various department operations and their specific procurement requirements. As Senior Buyer in the Purchasing Department, Susan worked closely with the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations unit to infuse certified Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman-owned businesses into the supplier chain. Being an advocate of Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman business development, Susan was a natural addition to the unit. Susan is involved in and coordinates outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and locally. Her main responsibility includes increasing corporate and airport utilization of diverse suppliers. She is an active member of a number of local supplier advocacy organizations throughout the New York Metropolitan area, and participates in various airport, national, and regional supplier advocacy events throughout the United States. Back to top,  Lyndelle Abela Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela, joined our unit in 2005, after serving in various capacities in the Information Technology Department for Avis Rent A Car System. With the Avis Budget Group since 2001, Lyndelle’s background includes more than 25 years experience working in the accounting, engineering, and IT fields. As the program coordinator, Lyndelle works with all members of the team and serves as a liaison between our department and others within the company. She also works extensively with our advocacy group partners, helping promote our team commitment to diversity. In addition, she lends critical support to our team, communicating with aviation boards on daily issues and processing all departmental invoices. She also arranges our team’s numerous trips to trade fairs and conferences across the nation. Back to top,  Avis Budget Group Senior Leadership Robert Bouta Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Bob Bouta is responsible for the management and construction for all Avis and Budget airport and urban locations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Caribbean. He has direct oversight of supplier diversity efforts at all of Avis Budget Group’s domestic airport locations. Bob is a twenty-five year veteran in the real estate and airport business with previous positions at APCOA, Airport Logistics and the Welsh Companies, and another car rental company. Bob is a graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in Political Science and earned a Juris Doctor cum laude from William Mitchell College of Law. He is admitted to the bar in both Minnesota and New York. Back to top,  For more information on our leading executives, please click here.
Susan Pettit,  Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Our Team Professionals You Know… People You Trust Lynn Boccio - Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit - Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela - Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Robert Bouta - Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Lynn Boccio Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lynn Boccio heads the supplier diversity team at Avis Budget Group and oversees the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program at the Company's airport locations, as well as its corporate world headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. Lynn is involved in several outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and in the New York Metropolitan Area. She is presently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Women Presidents’ Educational Organization and the 2nd Vice Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council. In addition, Lynn serves on the Board of Directors of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. Lynn has held numerous other positions on other regional and national boards and committees that advocate for minority and woman businesses. Lynn has been repeatedly awarded for the excellence she displays in the Supplier Diversity field. In 1999 she became the first woman ever to be honored by the Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. That same year, Minority Business News USA selected Lynn to appear in the limited special edition “Best of the Decade in Supplier/Workforce Diversity 1990-2000” for her contributions over the previous 10 years in the area of minority business. She was awarded the 2002 Women & Diversity Award from America’s Athletes with Disabilities. Lynn has also made various television appearances on “Hispanic Business Today,” a weekly program on WNBC-TV in New York, and was MBE Advocate of the Year in New York City at the New York New Jersey Minority Purchasing Council’s Annual Partnership Awards Gala. In 2004, Lynn received the prestigious Award of the Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council, recognizing Lynn’s outstanding, direct and personal contributions toward the success of AMAC. Avis Budget Group has also recognized her twice for her outstanding work at making the Avis and Budget brands more diverse. Prior to joining Avis in 1996, Lynn practiced as a defense attorney with one of the nation’s leading law firms. She is a former prosecutor who worked for television personality “Judge Judy,” and as Assistant Corporation Counsel for the City of New York, she defended the City in high profile cases. On top of her role with Avis Budget Group, Lynn is a faculty member at The National Institute of Trial Advocacy at Hofstra University School of Law in Hempstead, NY. Lynn holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Ohio State University and a Juris Doctor from the Hofstra University School of Law. She is fluent in Spanish and lives on Long Island with her two daughters. Back to top,  Susan Pettit Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit gained more than fifteen years of procurement experience in the Purchasing Department with Avis Rent A Car System, Inc. prior to joining the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations team in 2002. In her various capacities in Purchasing, Susan set up, implemented and maintained numerous national account programs and was responsible for purchasing the commercial print/forms in addition to maintaining inventory for over 100 line items. Through the years of close contact with field operations and the World Headquarters business units, Susan has acquired the working knowledge of the company’s various department operations and their specific procurement requirements. As Senior Buyer in the Purchasing Department, Susan worked closely with the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations unit to infuse certified Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman-owned businesses into the supplier chain. Being an advocate of Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman business development, Susan was a natural addition to the unit. Susan is involved in and coordinates outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and locally. Her main responsibility includes increasing corporate and airport utilization of diverse suppliers. She is an active member of a number of local supplier advocacy organizations throughout the New York Metropolitan area, and participates in various airport, national, and regional supplier advocacy events throughout the United States. Back to top,  Lyndelle Abela Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela, joined our unit in 2005, after serving in various capacities in the Information Technology Department for Avis Rent A Car System. With the Avis Budget Group since 2001, Lyndelle’s background includes more than 25 years experience working in the accounting, engineering, and IT fields. As the program coordinator, Lyndelle works with all members of the team and serves as a liaison between our department and others within the company. She also works extensively with our advocacy group partners, helping promote our team commitment to diversity. In addition, she lends critical support to our team, communicating with aviation boards on daily issues and processing all departmental invoices. She also arranges our team’s numerous trips to trade fairs and conferences across the nation. Back to top,  Avis Budget Group Senior Leadership Robert Bouta Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Bob Bouta is responsible for the management and construction for all Avis and Budget airport and urban locations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Caribbean. He has direct oversight of supplier diversity efforts at all of Avis Budget Group’s domestic airport locations. Bob is a twenty-five year veteran in the real estate and airport business with previous positions at APCOA, Airport Logistics and the Welsh Companies, and another car rental company. Bob is a graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in Political Science and earned a Juris Doctor cum laude from William Mitchell College of Law. He is admitted to the bar in both Minnesota and New York. Back to top,  For more information on our leading executives, please click here.
Lyndelle Abela,  Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Our Team Professionals You Know… People You Trust Lynn Boccio - Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit - Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela - Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Robert Bouta - Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Lynn Boccio Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lynn Boccio heads the supplier diversity team at Avis Budget Group and oversees the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program at the Company's airport locations, as well as its corporate world headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. Lynn is involved in several outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and in the New York Metropolitan Area. She is presently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Women Presidents’ Educational Organization and the 2nd Vice Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council. In addition, Lynn serves on the Board of Directors of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. Lynn has held numerous other positions on other regional and national boards and committees that advocate for minority and woman businesses. Lynn has been repeatedly awarded for the excellence she displays in the Supplier Diversity field. In 1999 she became the first woman ever to be honored by the Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. That same year, Minority Business News USA selected Lynn to appear in the limited special edition “Best of the Decade in Supplier/Workforce Diversity 1990-2000” for her contributions over the previous 10 years in the area of minority business. She was awarded the 2002 Women & Diversity Award from America’s Athletes with Disabilities. Lynn has also made various television appearances on “Hispanic Business Today,” a weekly program on WNBC-TV in New York, and was MBE Advocate of the Year in New York City at the New York New Jersey Minority Purchasing Council’s Annual Partnership Awards Gala. In 2004, Lynn received the prestigious Award of the Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council, recognizing Lynn’s outstanding, direct and personal contributions toward the success of AMAC. Avis Budget Group has also recognized her twice for her outstanding work at making the Avis and Budget brands more diverse. Prior to joining Avis in 1996, Lynn practiced as a defense attorney with one of the nation’s leading law firms. She is a former prosecutor who worked for television personality “Judge Judy,” and as Assistant Corporation Counsel for the City of New York, she defended the City in high profile cases. On top of her role with Avis Budget Group, Lynn is a faculty member at The National Institute of Trial Advocacy at Hofstra University School of Law in Hempstead, NY. Lynn holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Ohio State University and a Juris Doctor from the Hofstra University School of Law. She is fluent in Spanish and lives on Long Island with her two daughters. Back to top,  Susan Pettit Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit gained more than fifteen years of procurement experience in the Purchasing Department with Avis Rent A Car System, Inc. prior to joining the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations team in 2002. In her various capacities in Purchasing, Susan set up, implemented and maintained numerous national account programs and was responsible for purchasing the commercial print/forms in addition to maintaining inventory for over 100 line items. Through the years of close contact with field operations and the World Headquarters business units, Susan has acquired the working knowledge of the company’s various department operations and their specific procurement requirements. As Senior Buyer in the Purchasing Department, Susan worked closely with the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations unit to infuse certified Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman-owned businesses into the supplier chain. Being an advocate of Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman business development, Susan was a natural addition to the unit. Susan is involved in and coordinates outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and locally. Her main responsibility includes increasing corporate and airport utilization of diverse suppliers. She is an active member of a number of local supplier advocacy organizations throughout the New York Metropolitan area, and participates in various airport, national, and regional supplier advocacy events throughout the United States. Back to top,  Lyndelle Abela Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela, joined our unit in 2005, after serving in various capacities in the Information Technology Department for Avis Rent A Car System. With the Avis Budget Group since 2001, Lyndelle’s background includes more than 25 years experience working in the accounting, engineering, and IT fields. As the program coordinator, Lyndelle works with all members of the team and serves as a liaison between our department and others within the company. She also works extensively with our advocacy group partners, helping promote our team commitment to diversity. In addition, she lends critical support to our team, communicating with aviation boards on daily issues and processing all departmental invoices. She also arranges our team’s numerous trips to trade fairs and conferences across the nation. Back to top,  Avis Budget Group Senior Leadership Robert Bouta Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Bob Bouta is responsible for the management and construction for all Avis and Budget airport and urban locations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Caribbean. He has direct oversight of supplier diversity efforts at all of Avis Budget Group’s domestic airport locations. Bob is a twenty-five year veteran in the real estate and airport business with previous positions at APCOA, Airport Logistics and the Welsh Companies, and another car rental company. Bob is a graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in Political Science and earned a Juris Doctor cum laude from William Mitchell College of Law. He is admitted to the bar in both Minnesota and New York. Back to top,  For more information on our leading executives, please click here.
Robert Bouta,  Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department
Our Team Professionals You Know… People You Trust Lynn Boccio - Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit - Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela - Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Robert Bouta - Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Lynn Boccio Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lynn Boccio heads the supplier diversity team at Avis Budget Group and oversees the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program at the Company's airport locations, as well as its corporate world headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. Lynn is involved in several outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and in the New York Metropolitan Area. She is presently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Women Presidents’ Educational Organization and the 2nd Vice Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council. In addition, Lynn serves on the Board of Directors of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. Lynn has held numerous other positions on other regional and national boards and committees that advocate for minority and woman businesses. Lynn has been repeatedly awarded for the excellence she displays in the Supplier Diversity field. In 1999 she became the first woman ever to be honored by the Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. That same year, Minority Business News USA selected Lynn to appear in the limited special edition “Best of the Decade in Supplier/Workforce Diversity 1990-2000” for her contributions over the previous 10 years in the area of minority business. She was awarded the 2002 Women & Diversity Award from America’s Athletes with Disabilities. Lynn has also made various television appearances on “Hispanic Business Today,” a weekly program on WNBC-TV in New York, and was MBE Advocate of the Year in New York City at the New York New Jersey Minority Purchasing Council’s Annual Partnership Awards Gala. In 2004, Lynn received the prestigious Award of the Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council, recognizing Lynn’s outstanding, direct and personal contributions toward the success of AMAC. Avis Budget Group has also recognized her twice for her outstanding work at making the Avis and Budget brands more diverse. Prior to joining Avis in 1996, Lynn practiced as a defense attorney with one of the nation’s leading law firms. She is a former prosecutor who worked for television personality “Judge Judy,” and as Assistant Corporation Counsel for the City of New York, she defended the City in high profile cases. On top of her role with Avis Budget Group, Lynn is a faculty member at The National Institute of Trial Advocacy at Hofstra University School of Law in Hempstead, NY. Lynn holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Ohio State University and a Juris Doctor from the Hofstra University School of Law. She is fluent in Spanish and lives on Long Island with her two daughters. Back to top,  Susan Pettit Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Susan Pettit gained more than fifteen years of procurement experience in the Purchasing Department with Avis Rent A Car System, Inc. prior to joining the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations team in 2002. In her various capacities in Purchasing, Susan set up, implemented and maintained numerous national account programs and was responsible for purchasing the commercial print/forms in addition to maintaining inventory for over 100 line items. Through the years of close contact with field operations and the World Headquarters business units, Susan has acquired the working knowledge of the company’s various department operations and their specific procurement requirements. As Senior Buyer in the Purchasing Department, Susan worked closely with the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations unit to infuse certified Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman-owned businesses into the supplier chain. Being an advocate of Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman business development, Susan was a natural addition to the unit. Susan is involved in and coordinates outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and locally. Her main responsibility includes increasing corporate and airport utilization of diverse suppliers. She is an active member of a number of local supplier advocacy organizations throughout the New York Metropolitan area, and participates in various airport, national, and regional supplier advocacy events throughout the United States. Back to top,  Lyndelle Abela Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations Lyndelle Abela, joined our unit in 2005, after serving in various capacities in the Information Technology Department for Avis Rent A Car System. With the Avis Budget Group since 2001, Lyndelle’s background includes more than 25 years experience working in the accounting, engineering, and IT fields. As the program coordinator, Lyndelle works with all members of the team and serves as a liaison between our department and others within the company. She also works extensively with our advocacy group partners, helping promote our team commitment to diversity. In addition, she lends critical support to our team, communicating with aviation boards on daily issues and processing all departmental invoices. She also arranges our team’s numerous trips to trade fairs and conferences across the nation. Back to top,  Avis Budget Group Senior Leadership Robert Bouta Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department Bob Bouta is responsible for the management and construction for all Avis and Budget airport and urban locations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Caribbean. He has direct oversight of supplier diversity efforts at all of Avis Budget Group’s domestic airport locations. Bob is a twenty-five year veteran in the real estate and airport business with previous positions at APCOA, Airport Logistics and the Welsh Companies, and another car rental company. Bob is a graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in Political Science and earned a Juris Doctor cum laude from William Mitchell College of Law. He is admitted to the bar in both Minnesota and New York. Back to top,  For more information on our leading executives, please click here.
http://www.avisbudgetgroup.com/company-information/diversity-and-inclusion/supplier-diversity/our-team/
