
Jump to content,  Investor Relations Suppliers Employees Search form Search this site show/hide menu Main menu About GD Our Businesses Responsibility News Careers History Our Model Our Ethos Leadership About GD General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company. From Gulfstream business jets to submarines to wheeled combat vehicles to communications systems, people around the world depend on our products and services for their safety and security. Headquartered in Falls Church, Virginia, General Dynamics is led by Phebe Novakovic. The company employs thousands of people, with locations in 43 countries. At the heart of our company are our employees. We rely on their intimate knowledge of customer requirements and a unique blend of skill and innovation to develop and produce the best possible products and services. The driver that makes our company agile, and ensures our continued performance, is our culture of continuous improvement. This culture enforces a shared commitment to consistently look toward the future and to embrace change. It’s a priority at all levels of our company, with every employee engaged in finding new ways to do things faster, better and more cost-effectively, and push the boundaries of our potential. 0833006.jpg History of GD General Dynamics was incorporated in Delaware in 1952. From that time period to the 1990s, the company provided tanks, rockets, missiles, submarines, warships, fighters and electronics to all of the military services. In the early 1990s, we sold nearly all of our divisions except for Electric Boat and Land Systems. Starting in the mid-1990s, we began expanding again by acquiring combat vehicle-related businesses, information technology product and service companies, additional shipyards and Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. Read More About Our History about_model.jpg Our Model General Dynamics is organized into four business groups and each comprises several business units. Our balanced business model gives each business unit the flexibility they need to stay close to their customers and remain agile. General Dynamics' business units are responsible for the strategy and execution of their business. This includes supporting themselves with the administrative services they need, including human resources, supply-chain management, marketing and business development. Our corporate leaders are responsible for setting the overall direction of the business and for the allocation of capital. The corporation's headquarters organization supports the business units and is structured to fulfill our legal, financial and regulatory responsibilities. Our model encourages innovation and agility.  Our Ethos General Dynamics' ethos is our distinguishing moral nature. Our employees are a community of people dedicated to this ethos. Each of us has an obligation to behave according to our values. In that way, we can ensure that we continue to be good stewards of the investments in us by our shareholders, customers, employees and communities, now and in the future. Our ethos is rooted in five values: Honesty  We tell the truth to ourselves and to others. Honesty breeds transparency. Trust We trust each other to do the right thing. Humanity We are compassionate and empathetic. We respect the dignity, rights and autonomy of others. Alignment We are united in our commitment to our values. Value Creation We create value by doing the right thing for our shareholders, our customers, our employees and our communities. Learn More About Our Values at Work Leadership Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phebe N. Novakovic Executive Vice President John P. Casey Executive Vice President, Marine Systems S. Daniel Johnson Executive Vice President, Information Systems and Technology President, Information Technology Mark C. Roualet Executive Vice President, Combat Systems Senior Vice President Gregory S. Gallopoulos Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary M. Amy Gilliland Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration Robert W. Helm Senior Vice President, Planning and Development Jason W. Aiken Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Vice President Ira P. Berman Vice President Senior Vice President, Administration and General Counsel, Gulfstream Mark L. Burns Vice President President, Gulfstream Daniel G. Clare Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vice President, Gulfstream David H. Fogg Vice President, Treasurer Jeffrey S. Geiger Vice President President, Electric Boat Firat H. Gezen President, Ordnance and Tactical Systems Frederick J. Harris Vice President President, Bath Iron Works President, NASSCO Kenneth R. Hayduk Vice President, Tax Thomas W. Kirchmaier Vice President, Special Projects Kimberly A. Kuryea Vice President, Controller Christopher Marzilli Vice President President, Mission Systems Alfonso J. Ramonet Vice President President, European Land Systems Robert E. Smith Vice President President, Jet Aviation Gary L. Whited Vice President President, Land Systems About General Dynamics General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company. Our broad portfolio of products and services includes business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; C4ISR and IT solutions; and shipbuilding. About GD Our Businesses Responsibility News Careers Investor Relations Suppliers Employees © 2016 General Dynamics Corporation Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Site Map Back to Top close
History,  Our Model,  Our Ethos,  Leadership, 
about_model.jpg,  Our Model General Dynamics is organized into four business groups and each comprises several business units. Our balanced business model gives each business unit the flexibility they need to stay close to their customers and remain agile. General Dynamics' business units are responsible for the strategy and execution of their business. This includes supporting themselves with the administrative services they need, including human resources, supply-chain management, marketing and business development. Our corporate leaders are responsible for setting the overall direction of the business and for the allocation of capital. The corporation's headquarters organization supports the business units and is structured to fulfill our legal, financial and regulatory responsibilities. Our model encourages innovation and agility. 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phebe N. Novakovic, 
John P. Casey,  Executive Vice President, Marine Systems
S. Daniel Johnson,  Executive Vice President, Information Systems and Technology President, Information Technology
President, Information Technology, 
Mark C. Roualet,  Executive Vice President, Combat Systems
Gregory S. Gallopoulos,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
M. Amy Gilliland,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration
Robert W. Helm,  Senior Vice President, Planning and Development
Jason W. Aiken,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ira P. Berman,  Vice President Senior Vice President, Administration and General Counsel, Gulfstream
Senior Vice President, Administration and General Counsel, Gulfstream, 
Mark L. Burns,  Vice President President, Gulfstream
President, Gulfstream, 
Daniel G. Clare,  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vice President, Gulfstream
Vice President, Gulfstream, 
David H. Fogg,  Vice President, Treasurer
Jeffrey S. Geiger,  Vice President President, Electric Boat
President, Electric Boat, 
Firat H. Gezen,  President, Ordnance and Tactical Systems
President, Ordnance and Tactical Systems, 
Frederick J. Harris,  Vice President President, Bath Iron Works President, NASSCO
President, Bath Iron Works,  President, NASSCO, 
Kenneth R. Hayduk,  Vice President, Tax
Thomas W. Kirchmaier,  Vice President, Special Projects
Kimberly A. Kuryea,  Vice President, Controller
Christopher Marzilli,  Vice President President, Mission Systems
President, Mission Systems, 
Alfonso J. Ramonet,  Vice President President, European Land Systems
President, European Land Systems, 
Robert E. Smith,  Vice President President, Jet Aviation
President, Jet Aviation, 
Gary L. Whited,  Vice President President, Land Systems
President, Land Systems, 
www.generaldynamics.com/about/executive-team/