
Michael B. Polk, Chief Executive Officer, Newell Brands, 
Mark S. Tarchetti, President, Newell Brands, 
Ralph Nicoletti, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Newell Brands, 
William A. Burke III, President, Jarden Group, 
Bill Burke leads the Jarden , Group in alignment with Newell Brands strategy and direction. He is responsible for developing best-in-class processes and capabilities, achieving optimal efficiencies and delivering against aggressive business objectives. , 
Joseph A. Arcuri, Chief Commercial Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group, 
Fiona Laird, Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer, Newell Brands, 
Bradford Turner, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Newell Brands, Brad Turner is the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Newell Brands. Brad was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Newell Rubbermaid in April 2015, leading the company’s legal, ethics and compliance and government affairs functions., A Newell Rubbermaid veteran of 11 years, Brad also served as the company’s Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Since joining the company in 2004, Brad has served in several roles including Vice President, Securities Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary and Group General Counsel for the company’s Office Products group. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, he was an associate focusing on mergers & acquisitions and corporate securities with Troutman Sanders LLP. Brad is a member of the Georgia Bar Association, and serves as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Corporate Counsel Section. He also serves as President of the Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association., Brad earned a law degree and an accounting degree from the University of Georgia, both with magna cum laude honors., ​​
Russ Torres, Chief Transformation Officer, Newell Brands, 
Richard Davies, Chief Development Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group, 
Joseph W. Cavaliere, Chief Customer Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group, 
​Joe Cavaliere joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2012 to globalize the company’s customer development organization and expand customer partnerships and collaboration. He has an outstanding industry reputation and track record of delivering growth, developing strategic customer partnerships that create value across the entire enterprise, and building world-class customer development capabilities., 
Joe most recently was Senior Vice President of Customer Development for North America at Unilever, where he was responsible for $11 billion in revenue across 17 categories. In his nine-year career at Unilever, he implemented a new strategic platform to build brands, optimize spending, enhance capabilities, develop talent and align the company to dramatically improve customer collaboration. This transformation catapulted Unilever to a top 5 ranking in the U.S. consumer goods industry, as measured by the Kantar/Cannondale survey., Previously, he had a distinguished 20-year career as a top customer development leader at Kraft Foods. He held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, culminating in the role of National Vice President of Sales--where he was responsible for the profitable growth of $11 billion in sales for 12 divisions and 72 categories across two delivery systems and a team of 1500., Joe serves on the board of directors for Students in Free Enterprise, the Retail Industry Leaders Association and the National Association of Chain Drug Foundation. He has a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania., ​​​​
Executive Leaders, 
www.newellrubbermaid.com/OurCompany/Pages/OurLeadership.aspx