
Stock Information,  Price Performance Investment Calculator Historic Stock Price Analyst Coverage Top Institutional Holders
Price Performance,  Investment Calculator,  Historic Stock Price,  Analyst Coverage,  Top Institutional Holders, 
	1Stephen H. Rusckowski	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Steve Rusckowski is President and Chief Executive Officer,  of Quest Diagnostics. Since joining Quest Diagnostics in May 2012, Mr. Rusckowski has focused on transforming the company, based on its compelling vision of “Empowering better health with diagnostic insights.” Under his leadership, the company has refocused on its core diagnostic information services business, sold non-core assets, delivered disciplined deployment, including share repurchases and acquisitions, and simplified its organizational structure to better serve customers by removing complexity, speeding decision making and empowering employees. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics, Mr. Rusckowski was CEO of Philips Healthcare, which became the largest unit of Royal Philips Electronics under his leadership. He joined Philips in 2001 when it acquired the Healthcare Solutions Group he was leading at Hewlett-Packard/Agilent Technologies. Mr. Rusckowski serves as Chairman of the American Clinical Laboratory Association, the nation’s leading advocacy organization for the clinical laboratory industry. In addition, he is a member of the Board of Directors of Covidien, a healthcare products provider; and is a member of the Board of Project Hope, a global health education and humanitarian assistance organization. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and a Master of Science degree in Management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Sloan School of Management.
	1Jon R. Cohen, M.D.	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Group Executive	 – Diagnostic Solutions,  Jon R. Cohen, M.D., is Senior Vice President and Group Executive – Diagnostic Solutions,  for Quest Diagnostics. He is responsible for Pathology Services; Professional Laboratory Services, that manages over 110 hospital/health system laboratories; the Oncology and Sports & Human Performance Diagnostics franchises; and for driving growth in Quest’s comprehensive service offerings to hospitals and large health systems. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics in 2009, Dr. Cohen had spent more than two decades in the healthcare field. He served as Managing Director, Health Industries Services, at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Prior to joining PwC, Dr. Cohen served for six years as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President at North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System, the nation's fourth-largest nonprofit health system. He has held senior professional appointments, including Professor of Surgery at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Senior Lecturer at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health and has published more than 100 peer-reviewed professional articles. Dr. Cohen holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Miami and an M.D. degree from the University of Miami School of Medicine. He completed his general surgery residency at the New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center followed by a vascular surgery fellowship at Brigham and Women's Hospital/Harvard Medical School.
	1Everett Cunningham	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Commercial	,  Everett Cunningham is Senior Vice President, Commercial,  for Quest Diagnostics. He is responsible for commercial sales and marketing. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics, Mr. Cunningham spent 21 years with Pfizer, Inc., where he served most recently as Regional President, Established Products for Asia Pacific. Beginning his career as a Sales Representative, Mr. Cunningham served in roles of increasing responsibility including Senior Director of Worldwide Learning and Development, Senior Director of Business Operations and Vice President Sales for U.S. Pharmaceuticals, and Vice President of Global Corporate Human Resources.  Mr. Cunningham earned his bachelor's degree in economics from Northwestern University.
	1James E. Davis	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Group Executive	 – Regional Businesses,  James E. Davis is Senior Vice President and Group Executive – Regional Businesses, , for Quest Diagnostics. He leads the six core regions of the company which comprise Diagnostic Information Services, responsible for delivering all diagnostic testing, information and services, and in addition leads shared services for the company. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics in 2013, Mr. Davis served as CEO of InSightec, Inc., a medical device company that designs and develops ultrasound ablation devices that are guided by Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) systems. Prior to that, he held Vice President and General Manager roles at GE's MRI, diagnostics imaging and healthcare information technology businesses, where he established a record for achieving growth and operational improvement. Prior to GE, Mr. Davis led the development of strategic and operating initiatives for clients of McKinsey. Mr. Davis holds master’s degrees in management and science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a bachelor's degree in aeronautical engineering from the University of Michigan.
	1Catherine T. Doherty	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Group Executive	 – Clinical Franchise Solutions,  Catherine T. Doherty is Senior Vice President, Group Executive – Clinical Franchise Solutions,  for Quest Diagnostics. She is responsible for overseeing the development of service offerings in the areas of cardiovascular, infectious disease, neurology (including Athena), prescription drug monitoring, women’s health and general wellness. Ms. Doherty is also responsible for Quest’s Employer Health and Wellness, Employer Solutions, Care360 EHR, ChartMaxx and ExamOne businesses, as well as Strategic Marketing and Business Development. Ms. Doherty joined Quest Diagnostics in 1990 and most recently was Senior Vice President, Physician Services Business. Prior to that, she served as Vice President, Hospital Services, and as Vice President, Office of the Chairman. A certified public accountant, Ms. Doherty graduated from Montclair State University and holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration with a concentration in accounting.
	1Lidia Fonseca	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	,  Lidia Fonseca is Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  (CIO) for Quest Diagnostics. Ms. Fonseca leads the enterprise-wide Information Technology (IT) function to support the needs of the business. She also leads our end-to-end enterprise architecture and integrates processes, data and systems across the network thereby enabling future growth and driving operational excellence. Previously, Ms. Fonseca was the Chief Information Officer at LabCorp and also held a number of senior leadership positions in supply chain and IT at Philips Healthcare. Ms. Fonseca is a member of the Board of Directors of Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI). She earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and an MBA and a master’s degree in business informatics from the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus Graduate School of Business.
	1Mark J. Guinan	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Mark J. Guinan is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  for Quest Diagnostics. From 2010 until joining Quest Diagnostics in 2013, Mr. Guinan served as Chief Financial Officer for Hill-Rom Holdings Inc., a manufacturer and provider of medical technologies and related services for the health care industry. Previously, he had served in a number of finance and operations roles in a long career at Johnson & Johnson in which he served most recently as Chief Procurement Officer, and earlier as CFO of the pharmaceutical business. Before that, he held a number of financial roles at Procter & Gamble. Mr. Guinan earned an MBA from The John M. Olin Graduate School of Business at Washington University, St. Louis, Mo., and a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Notre Dame.
	1John B. Haydon	,  	2Vice President	, Joint Venture Partnerships,  John Haydon is Vice President, Joint Venture Partnerships,  for Quest Diagnostics. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s joint venture partnerships. Previously, Mr. Haydon was Senior Vice President, Operations, and was responsible for delivering all diagnostic testing, information and services within Diagnostic Information Services, in addition to leading shared services for the company. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics in 2012, Mr. Haydon was Executive Vice President and Group Head of Global Operations and Business Excellence for Royal Philips Electronics based in Amsterdam. He also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Officer, Philips Healthcare based in Boston. Before joining Philips, Mr. Haydon was President and Chief Operating Officer at BTI Systems (optical networks) Company and President and Chief Operating Officer Breconridge Manufacturing Solutions (contract manufacturing) based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. From 1982 to 2007 he worked for Nortel Networks (telecom equipment) in a variety of senior executive roles such as Chief Procurement Officer, Global Head of Supply Chain and Vice President of Order Management based in number of global locations (Calgary, Paris, London and Hong Kong). Mr. Haydon holds a business administration diploma in marketing from Algonquin College in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and an MBA from Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. He is a graduate of the Directors Consortium (University of Chicago, Stanford University, and Dartmouth College) Program on Corporate Governance and Directorship.
	1Michael E. Prevoznik	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	,   Michael E. Prevoznik is Senior Vice President, Legal and Compliance, and General Counsel for Quest Diagnostics. In addition to ensuring that Quest Diagnostics meets all of its legal requirements as a public company, he is also responsible for regulatory compliance, security and government affairs. In 2011, he also assumed responsibility for the company’s International and Clinical Trials activities.  He was appointed Vice President and General Counsel in 1999, and was named a Senior Vice President in 2003. Mr. Prevoznik joined Quest Diagnostics in 1999 through the acquisition of SmithKline Beecham Clinical Laboratories (SBCL). He joined SBCL in 1994 as Chief Legal Compliance Officer, and in 1996 was named Vice President and Chief Legal Compliance Officer for SmithKline Beecham Healthcare Services. In 1998, he was appointed Vice President, Compliance, for SmithKline Beecham, a role in which he developed and led the company’s global compliance activities. Prior to joining SmithKline Beecham, Mr. Prevoznik represented SBCL as outside legal counsel as an Associate with Dechert Price & Rhoads of Philadelphia, where he specialized in healthcare and general corporate law. Mr. Prevoznik holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Notre Dame, and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. He earned his J.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.,
	1Jeffrey S. Shuman	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Chief Human Resources Officer	,  Jeff Shuman is Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer,  for Quest Diagnostics. He is responsible for all human resources activities across the company. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics in 2012, Mr. Shuman served as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Administrative Officer with Harris Corporation.  His career includes human resources leadership roles with Northrop Grumman, Litton, AlliedSignal/Honeywell and Avon Products.  Mr. Shuman earned a bachelor’s degree in psychology from The Citadel and served as a Medical Service Corps officer in the U.S. Army.
	1Gary D. Samuels	,  	2Vice President	, Corporate Communications,  Gary D. Samuels is Vice President, Corporate Communications, , for Quest Diagnostics. In this position, Mr. Samuels is responsible for internal and external communications. He joined Quest Diagnostics in November 1996, before it was spun off by Corning Incorporated into an independent, publicly held company. He became a member of the Senior Management Team in January 2012. Previously, he was an award-winning journalist, most recently at Forbes Magazine, where he held a variety of senior editorial positions during his 12-year tenure, including Senior Editor and Chicago Bureau Chief. Mr. Samuels earned a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in political science from Middlebury College and a Master of Science degree in journalism from Columbia University.
	1Tim Sharpe	,  	2Vice President	, 	3Compliance	,  Tim Sharpe is Vice President, Compliance,  for Quest Diagnostics. Mr. Sharpe and his team are responsible for working with all of Quest Diagnostics employees to ensure that the company remains fully compliant with the law. Mr. Sharpe joined the company in 1999 as Chief Litigation Counsel and has served as Vice President, Compliance,  since January 2007. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics, he was the Deputy Director of the Maryland Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, where he oversaw and prosecuted criminal healthcare fraud cases. He also worked with the law firm of Piper & Marbury, representing companies and individuals in civil litigation. Mr. Sharpe earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Wayne State University in Michigan and a law degree from the University of Maryland School of Law.
	1Dermot Shorten	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Strategy	, M&A and Ventures,  Dermot Shorten is Senior Vice President, Strategy, M&A and Ventures,  for Quest Diagnostics. He is based in Madison, New Jersey, and is responsible for the company’s business development activities, as well as the strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and planning processes. Previously, Mr. Shorten has been Vice President, Strategy and Ventures; Vice President, Office of the Chairman; and Vice President, Shared Service Operations. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics in 2008, he served as Vice President, Operations Practice at Booz and Company, where he had been a strategic adviser to Quest Diagnostics for more than 10 years. Mr. Shorten was employed by Booz and Company for 18 years where he was responsible for the firm’s global supply chain service offerings. Mr. Shorten earned a master’s degree in natural sciences from Cambridge University, a diploma in computer science from Cambridge University, a master’s degree in operations research from Lancaster University and a master’s degree in private and public management from Yale University.
http://ir.questdiagnostics.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=82068&p=irol-govmanage