
Board of Directors, Director Communications, 
Board of Directors Director Communications Executive Officers, Corporate Officers, Locations, 
Texas, < Back Texas, Eagleford E. TX/N. LA Wolfcamp Eaglebine
< Back Texas Eagleford, E. TX/N. LA, Wolfcamp, Eaglebine, 
Stock Info, < Back Stock Info, Overview Historical Price Lookup Analyst Coverage Stock Splits Interactive Chart Investment Calculator
< Back Stock Info Overview, Historical Price Lookup, Analyst Coverage, Stock Splits, Interactive Chart, Investment Calculator, 
< Back About Overview, Board of Directors < Back Board of Directors Overview, Director Communications Executive Officers Corporate Officers Locations
Board of Directors, < Back Board of Directors, Overview Director Communications
< Back Board of Directors Overview, Director Communications, 
< Back About Overview Board of Directors < Back Board of Directors Overview Director Communications Executive Officers, Corporate Officers, Locations, 
Robert P. Daniels Executive Vice President, International and Deepwater Exploration Bob Daniels is Executive Vice President, International and Deepwater Exploration. He joined Anadarko in 1985 and has since held positions of increasing responsibility in exploration and operations, including Senior Vice President, Worldwide Exploration and Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production. He also served as Vice President, Canada. Mr. Daniels has also held key positions within Anadarko's exploration group, including Geologic Supervisor for Algeria, Manager of Geology for Algeria Exploration, Project Manager of the Ourhoud Development Project in Algeria, and Manager of U.S. Onshore Exploration. Mr. Daniels holds a Master of Science degree in petroleum geology from the Colorado School of Mines and a bachelor's degree in economics from The Colorado College. He also is a graduate of the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program. Mr. Daniels serves on the Board of Directors of the Cerebral Palsy Research Foundation and Junior Achievement of Southeast Texas. He also serves on the board of directors of MicroSeismic, Inc., a private company. Read More, 
Robert G. Gwin EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Bob Gwin is Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. He is responsible for the areas of accounting, financial reporting and tax; treasury, corporate finance and risk management; investor relations and communications; corporate development; corporate planning; and corporate audit. Mr. Gwin also is Chairman of the Board of Western Gas Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Partners, LP (NYSE: WES), and of Western Gas Equity Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP (NYSE:WGP). He previously served as President and CEO of Western Gas Holdings until 2010. Mr. Gwin joined Anadarko in January 2006 as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer and was named Senior Vice President in March 2008. Mr. Gwin is Chairman of the board of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE: LYB) and serves on the boards of The Greater Houston Partnership, Theatre Under the Stars (TUTS) and Communities in Schools (CIS). He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Southern California and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. He also earned the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation from the CFA Institute., 
Robert G. Gwin EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Bob Gwin is Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. He is responsible for the areas of accounting, financial reporting and tax; treasury, corporate finance and risk management; investor relations and communications; corporate development; corporate planning; and corporate audit. Mr. Gwin also is Chairman of the Board of Western Gas Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Partners, LP (NYSE: WES), and of Western Gas Equity Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP (NYSE:WGP). He previously served as President and CEO of Western Gas Holdings until 2010. Mr. Gwin joined Anadarko in January 2006 as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer and was named Senior Vice President in March 2008. Mr. Gwin is Chairman of the board of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE: LYB) and serves on the boards of The Greater Houston Partnership, Theatre Under the Stars (TUTS) and Communities in Schools (CIS). He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Southern California and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. He also earned the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation from the CFA Institute. Read More, 
Darrell E. Hollek EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, U.S. ONSHORE EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION Darrell Hollek is Executive Vice President, U.S. Onshore Exploration and Production. Mr. Hollek began his career in 1980 with Kerr-McGee Corporation as a field engineer in Morgan City, Louisiana, and has held positions of increasing responsibility including Vice President of Gulf of Mexico Operations and Global Deepwater Drilling, Vice President of Offshore Operations and Shelf Assets, Vice President of Gulf of Mexico and Worldwide Deepwater Operations, Vice President of U.S. Onshore Exploration, Production and Development, Vice President of Gulf of Mexico Exploration, Production and Development and Vice President of Environment, Health, Safety and Regulatory.  Previously, Mr. Hollek served as Senior Vice President of Operations (Deepwater Americas) and was responsible for overseeing all of Anadarko's producing assets, operations and development activities in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico.  Mr. Hollek is a Director of Western Gas Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Anadarko, and of Western Gas Equity Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, (NYSE:WGP) a publicly traded midstream limited partnership. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A&M University.  He is a member of the American Petroleum Institute, serving on the Upstream Committee, and also a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.  Read More, 
Mitchell W. Ingram EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, Global LNG Mitch Ingram serves as Executive Vice President, Global LNG. Mr. Ingram joined Anadarko in 2015 with more than 28 years of experience in the oil and natural gas industry. Prior to joining Anadarko, Mr. Ingram was with BG Group, where he served as Executive Vice President – Technical and a member of the company’s Executive Committee. Previously, he held positions of increasing responsibilities with the company’s LNG project in Queensland, Australia, where he was most recently the Managing Director of QGC. Prior to BG, Mr. Ingram was with Occidental Oil & Gas for 20 years, where he held several U.K. and international positions in project management, development and operations. Mr. Ingram is a member of the Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association’s Queensland Industry Leadership Group and the Business Council of Australia. He holds a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from Robert Gordon University and is a native of Scotland.    Read More, 
James J. Kleckner Executive Vice President, International and Deepwater Operations Jim Kleckner was named Executive Vice President, International and Deepwater Operations in May 2013. Prior to that time, he served as Vice President, Operations for the Rockies region beginning in May 2007, overseeing the company’s operations and development activities in the Rocky Mountain region. Mr. Kleckner has more than 30 years of global technical and leadership experience. He began his career in the oil and natural gas industry with Sun Oil Company and has held positions of increasing responsibility throughout the world including management roles in the North Sea, South America, China, the Gulf of Mexico and U.S. onshore. Mr. Kleckner holds a Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and the American Petroleum Institute. He has served on the Industry and Advisory Board of the School of Energy Research at the University of Wyoming, the Petroleum Engineering Advisory Board at Colorado School of Mines, the Executive Board for the Colorado Oil and Gas Association and the Executive Board for the Independent Petroleum Association of Mountain States. Read More, 
Robert K. Reeves Executive Vice President, law and Chief Administrative Officer Bobby Reeves is Executive Vice President, Law and Chief Administrative Officer. He joined Anadarko in March 2004 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Law. Mr. Reeves has more than 30 years of legal and management experience and is responsible for Anadarko's legal, government relations, information technology and administration functions. Mr. Reeves also is a Director of Western Gas Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Anadarko and of Western Gas Equity Holdings, LLC, the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP (NYSE:WGP), a publicly traded midstream master limited partnership. Prior to joining Anadarko, Mr. Reeves served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Ocean Energy, Inc., until 2003. He served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Flores & Rucks, Inc., a predecessor to Ocean Energy, until 1997. Prior to that, he was a Partner in the Energy Section of the Onebane Law Firm of Lafayette, Louisiana until 1993. Mr. Reeves holds a Juris Doctorate and bachelor's degree in business administration from Louisiana State University. He is a member of the Texas and Louisiana State Bar Associations, the American Bar Association and the American Corporate Counsel Association. Mr. Reeves serves on the Board of Directors of Key Energy Services, Inc., Episcopal Health Foundation and United Way of Greater Houston. Read More, 
R. A. Walker Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Al Walker is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation. He joined Anadarko in 2005 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, later serving as President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Anadarko, he worked in the oil and natural gas industry, investment and commercial banking and as an institutional investor., Mr. Walker is a director of BOK Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: BOKF). Mr. Walker is a director of the Houston Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve, Trustee for the Houston Museum of Natural Science, a member of The Business Council, Business Roundtable, All-American Wildcatters (Chairman 2017/2018), and the Board of Directors of the American Petroleum Institute (Executive Committee). Read More, 
Board of Directors, Executive Officers, Corporate Officers, Locations, 
www.anadarko.com/About/Executive-Officers/