
Executive Leadership,  Board of Directors, 
James S. Tisch Office of the President,,  President and Chief Executive Officer, 
James S. Tisch Office of the President, President and Chief Executive Officer James S. Tisch has been president and chief executive officer of Loews Corporation since 1998. Read More, 
Andrew H. Tisch Office of the President, Co-Chairman of the Board, and Chairman of the Executive Committee, 
Andrew H. Tisch Office of the President, Co-Chairman of the Board, and Chairman of the Executive Committee Andrew H. Tisch is co-chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Jonathan M. Tisch Office of the President, Co-Chairman of the Board,,  Chairman of Loews Hotels, 
Jonathan M. Tisch Office of the President, Co-Chairman of the Board, Chairman of Loews Hotels Jonathan M. Tisch is co-chairman of the board of Loews Corporation and chairman of its Loews Hotels subsidiary. Read More, 
David B. Edelson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
David B. Edelson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Edelson is senior vice president and chief financial officer of Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Richard W. Scott Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, 
Richard W. Scott Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer Richard W. Scott joined Loews as senior vice president, chief investment officer in January 2009. Read More, 
Kenneth I. Siegel Senior Vice President, 
Kenneth I. Siegel is senior vice president of Loews Corporation, which he joined in 2009. Read More, 
Susan Becker Vice President, Tax, 
Susan Becker is vice president of tax for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Robert F. Crook Vice President, Internal Audit, 
Robert F. Crook Vice President, Internal Audit Robert F. Crook joined Loews Corporation in May 2005 as director of compliance and was promoted to his current position in November 2006. Read More, 
Laura K. Cushing Vice President, Human Resources, 
Laura K. Cushing Vice President, Human Resources Laura Cushing is vice president of human resources for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Herb E. Hofmann Vice President, Information Technology, 
Herb E. Hofmann Vice President, Information Technology Herb Hofmann is vice president of information technology for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Jonathan Koplovitz Vice President, Corporate Development, 
Jonathan Koplovitz Vice President, Corporate Development Jonathan Koplovitz is vice president, corporate development for Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Audrey A. Rampinelli Vice President, Risk Management, 
Audrey A. Rampinelli Vice President, Risk Management As vice president, risk management, Audrey A. Rampinelli is responsible for the risk management and insurance operations for Loews and its subsidiaries. Read More, 
Mark S. Schwartz Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, 
Mark S. Schwartz Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Mark S. Schwartz is vice president and chief accounting officer (CAO) of Loews Corporation. Read More, 
Mary Skafidas Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, 
Mary Skafidas Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Mary Skafidas is vice president of investor relations and corporate communications for Loews. Read More, 
Edmund Unneland Treasurer, 
Edmund Unneland Treasurer As treasurer, Edmund Unneland oversees all activities regarding cash management and securities operations. Read More, 
www.loews.com/leadershipcategory/executive-leadership/