
Since our first soda fountain sales in 1886, we have been a driver of marketplace innovation and an investor in local economies. Today we lead the beverage industry with more than 500 beverage brands -- including four of the world's top-five sparkling brands. But while our business opportunities are enormous, our commitment to our consumers and the communities in which we operate is even greater., 	1Muhtar Kent	, our 	2Chairman	 of the Board and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, leads us into the new century with a firm commitment to the values and spirit of the world's greatest brand. In our journey to become a sustainable, profitable growth company, our management structure has evolved to sharpen external focus on the marketplace with greater speed, productivity and effectiveness., 
	1James Quincey	,  1, 	2President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	, 
Atul Singh, 
Iain McLaughlin, 
Henrique Braun, 
Venkatesh Kini, 
Tim Brett, 
Roberto Mercadé, 
Nathan Kalumbu, 
Kelvin Balogun, 
Curtis A. Ferguson, 
Zoran Vucinic, 
Therese Gearhart, 
Galya Frayman Molinas, 
Nikos Koumettis, 
Dan Sayre, 
Brian J. Smith, 
Xiemar Zarazúa, 
Alfredo Rivera, 
Francisco Crespo Benítez, 
John Murphy, 
   Coca‑Cola North America,     J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr., 1,    President,    Canada: Christian Polge,    Coca‑Cola Refreshments,     Paul Mulligan,  ,    President,    Canada: John Guarino, Bottling Investments Group, Irial Finan, 1, President
Africa, Cambodia, China, Malaysia, Middle East, Myanmar, Singapore and Vietnam: Martin Jansen, Bangladesh, India, Nepal and Sri Lanka: T. Krishnakumar, Germany: Ulrik Nehammer, Latin America: Bill Schultz,  , 
Muhtar Kent, 
James Quincey, 
Marcos de Quinto, 
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr., 
Ceree Eberly, 
Bernhard Goepelt, 
Julie Hamilton, 
Brent Hastie, 
Ed Hays, 
Clyde C. Tuggle, 
Kathy N. Waller, 
	1Harry L. Anderson	, 	2Senior Vice President	, Global Business Services, Rudy M. Beserra, Latin Affairs, Robert J. Jordan, Jr., General Tax Counsel, Timothy K. Leveridge, Investor Relations Officer, Larry M. Mark, 1, Controller, Robin Moore, Chief of Internal Audit, Christopher P. Nolan, Corporate Treasurer, Beatriz Perez, Chief Sustainability Officer
	1Nancy Quan	, 	2Global Research and Development (R&D) Officer	
	1Marie D. Quintero-Johnson	, 	2Director	, Mergers and Acquisitions, Mark Randazza, Assistant Controller, Ann T. Taylor, Global Business Services, Wamwari Waichungo, Scientific and Regulatory Affairs, Jos Wellekens, Chief Quality, Safety and Sustainable Operations Officer , Gloria K. Bowden, Corporate Secretary and Associate General Counsel, Fiona K. Lynch, Assistant Corporate Secretary, 1 Person subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 2 Association of Southeast Asian Nations, 
Herbert A. Allen,  4, 5, 6, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Allen & Company Incorporated, Ronald W. Allen,  1, 3, Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aaron’s Inc. and Delta Airlines, Inc.
Marc Bolland, 
Ana Botín, 
Howard G. Buffett, 
Richard M. Daley, 
Barry Diller, 
Helene D. Gayle, 
Evan G. Greenberg, 
Alexis M. Herman, 
Muhtar Kent, 
Bobby Kotick, 
Maria Elena Lagomasino, 
Sam Nunn, 
David B. Weinberg, 
5 Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone, 
1 Selena Gomez ‘Share a Coke and a Song’ Photo Breaks Instagram Record, 
3 Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone, 
9 A Letter from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
10 How Coke Zero Became a Hero: 10 Facts to Mark the Brand’s 10th Birthday, 
1 U.S. Olympian Missy Franklin Surprises Her Parents With a Heartfelt Thank-You, 
1 Why Coke CEO Muhtar Kent Visits a Store a Week, 
2 19-Year-Old Coca-Cola Collector Opens Museum, 
Marcus Nillsson, 
Scott Kelby's Photoshop Insider, 
Madalynne, 
Cooking With Amy, 
Minute Maid, 
The Coca-Cola,  Company (NYSE: KO) is the world's largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands and more than 3, 800 beverage choices. Led by Coca-Cola, one of the world's most valuable and recognizable brands, our company’s portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, 18 of which are available in reduced-, low- or no-calorie options. Our billion-dollar brands include Diet Coke, Coca-Cola, Zero, Fanta, Sprite, Dasani, vitaminwater, Powerade, Minute Maid, Simply, Del Valle, Georgia and Gold Peak. Through the world's largest beverage distribution system, we are the No. 1 provider of both sparkling and still beverages.  More than 1.9 billion servings of our beverages are enjoyed by consumers in more than 200 countries each day. With an enduring commitment to building sustainable communities, our company is focused on initiatives that reduce our environmental footprint, create a safe, inclusive work environment for our associates, and enhance the economic development of the communities where we operate. Together with our bottling partners, we rank among the world's top 10 private employers with more than 700, 000 system associates.
http://www.coca-colacompany.com/our-company/coca-cola-leaders
