
skip to main content,  Investor Relations Investor Overview Press Releases Stock Information Financial Information Events & Presentations Shareholder Resources Corporate Governance Leadership Board of Directors Governance Documents Committee Composition Menu Investor Overview Press Releases Stock Information Share Price Center Historical Prices Stock Table Share Price Calculator Analyst Coverage Financial Information Annual Reports/Proxy Statements Quarterly Results SEC Filings Traffic Releases Investor Updates Events & Presentations Presentations Audio Archives Events Calendar Shareholder Resources Investor FAQs IR Contact Email Alerts Corporate Governance Leadership Board of Directors Governance Documents Committee Composition Media Room MEDIA ROOM Email this page Print Leadership Robin Hayes President and Chief Executive Officer Robin Hayes became JetBlue’s Chief Executive Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors in February 2015. Prior to this position, Mr. Hayes was JetBlue’s President, responsible for the airline's commercial and operations areas including Airport Operations, Customer Support (Reservations), Flight Operations, Inflight, System Operations, Technical Operations, as well as Communications, Marketing, Network Planning and Sales. He served as JetBlue’s Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from August 2008 until December 2013. Prior to joining JetBlue, he was British Airways’ Executive Vice President for The Americas. Over the span of a 19-year career with British Airways, he also served as Area General Manager for Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean. Robin is a graduate in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Bath in the United Kingdom. He received a BSc and Masters in Engineering from the university. Mark Powers Chief Financial Officer Mark Powers, Chief Financial Officer, joined JetBlue in 2006, and is responsible for aircraft transactions, cash management, corporate finance, and execution of JetBlue’s financial strategy. Mr. Powers is also responsible for the company’s real estate and sourcing units. Under Mr. Powers's leadership, JetBlue implemented a strategic aircraft sales program designed to manage capacity and reduce cost. Prior to joining JetBlue, Mr. Powers was an independent advisor to several aviation-related companies and has held a number of positions in both the finance and legal departments of Continental Airlines, Northwest Airlines and GE's jet engine unit. Mike Elliott Executive Vice President – People Under the leadership of Mike Elliott, JetBlue’s People Department works to inspire a culture of humanity at JetBlue that reflects its core values of safety, caring, integrity, passion and fun. Mike’s teams are responsible for all matters that shape and govern how crewmembers relate to their work at JetBlue, including hiring, professional development, employee relations, diversity, compensation, benefits and corporate social responsibility. Mike joined JetBlue in 2010 as vice president, crew relations and was named SVP, people in 2014. In February 2015, he joined JetBlue’s executive leadership team as EVP, people. Prior to joining JetBlue, Mike spent 19 years at Airborne Express/DHL. He started at Airborne as an operations supervisor working in several facilities across Manhattan. Leaving operations as regional manager for the Manhattan operation, he moved to customer service and became director, US customer service operations prior to joining the labor relations and human resources team as vice president. After graduating from Siena College, Mike served as a Commissioned Officer in the United States Army. Joanna Geraghty Executive Vice President, Customer Experience Joanna Geraghty joined JetBlue in 2005 and was named our Executive Vice President, Customer Experience in May 2014. She is responsible for Airports, Customer Support (Reservations), and Inflight Service, the airline’s main customer-facing teams. Ms. Geraghty served as JetBlue’s Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer from 2010-2014 and was previously the airline’s Vice President and Associate General Counsel and Director of Litigation and Regulatory Affairs. She has been with the New York-based airline since 2005. Before joining JetBlue, Joanna was a partner at Holland & Knight, in their Litigation Section located in New York. There, she handled complex litigation and regulatory issues, with a particular emphasis on aviation matters. She received her B.A. from the College of the Holy Cross in 1994, her Masters in International Relations from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1997, and her J.D. from Syracuse University College of Law in 1997. James Hnat Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary James G. Hnat joined JetBlue Airways in June 2001, and was named General Counsel in February 2003. In March 2007, Mr. Hnat was named Executive Vice President. He is responsible for Legal, Government Affairs, Compliance, and Sustainability. Mr. Hnat was also named Corporate Secretary in March 2007.. Mr. Hnat previously served as an attorney at the New York office of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley and McCloy, LLC. His aviation legal practice began in airline defense litigation at Condon & Forsyth's New York office. He serves as a member of the bar of New York and Massachusetts. Mr. Hnat received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science from Boston University and earned a Juris Doctorate degree from Notre Dame Law School. Jeff Martin Executive Vice President – Operations Jeff Martin is JetBlue’s Executive Vice President Operations, responsible for Flight Operations, Technical Operations, System Operations, Safety, Security, NextGen initiatives, and JetBlue University, the airline’s award-winning training division. Mr. Martin joined JetBlue in March 2012 and oversees the safe and secure operation of the airline’s 850 daily flights and fleet of nearly 200 aircraft. Prior to JetBlue, he had a 22-year career with Southwest Airlines, most recently as Vice President - Operations Coordination. Mr. Martin also holds an Airline Transport Pilots license and is captain qualified on the DC-10, Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft. He has logged over 12,000 hours of military and civilian flight time and is a veteran of the United States Air Force. Mr. Martin graduated with a B.S. in Marketing from Pittsburgh State University. Marty St. George Executive Vice President – Commercial & Planning Marty St. George was promoted to Executive Vice President – Commercial & Planning in February 2015 and is responsible for airline & network planning, marketing, sales and revenue. Prior to this appointment, St. George served as JetBlue’s Senior Vice President - Commercial since May 2014. He joined JetBlue in July 2006 and has held several roles including Senior Vice President - Marketing and Commercial Strategy and Vice President - Planning. Prior to JetBlue, St. George held marketing and network planning roles at United Airlines and US Airways. Eash Sundaram Chief Information Officer Eash Sundaram joined JetBlue in March 2012 as our Chief Information Officer. Eash is responsible for creating and executing IT solutions that align with our business, providing consistent service, and maximizing efficiency. Prior to JetBlue, Eash worked at Port Washington, New York-based Pall Corporation — a global business in the diverse field of filtration, separations and purifications. At Pall, Eash most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Before joining Pall, he served in a variety of management positions with increasing responsibilities in Information Technology and Supply Chain with PSS World Medical, i2 Technologies, ALK Technologies & the Sea Horse Group. Eash has extensive experience in the transportation industry and is already familiar with the operations of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, our landlord at JFK, LGA, EWR and SWF. Early in his career, he was involved in research and development of efficient intermodal operations of container terminals for the Port Authority as part of the State University of New York’s University Transportation Research Center. Eash holds a Master’s Degree in Transportation Management from the State University of New York—Maritime College. ©2016 JetBlue Airways
Stock Information,  Share Price Center Historical Prices Stock Table Share Price Calculator Analyst Coverage
Share Price Center,  Historical Prices,  Stock Table,  Share Price Calculator,  Analyst Coverage, 
	1Robin Hayes	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 
	1Mark Powers	,  	2Chief Financial Officer	, 
	1Mike Elliott	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – People, 
	1Joanna Geraghty	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Customer Experience	, 
	1James Hnat	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Corporate Affairs	, 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Corporate Secretary	, 
	1Jeff Martin	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	3Operations	, 
	1Marty St. George	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	3Commercial & Planning	, 
http://investor.jetblue.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/leadership.aspx
