John F. Young	title	President	John F. Young, President and CEO:,  John Young was selected as EFH’s first CEO due to the breadth and depth of his experience, especially on the operations side of the energy business. Prior to joining EFH, he held senior roles at Exelon and Southern Company, among others. Full Bio, 
John F. Young	title	CEO	John F. Young, President and CEO:,  John Young was selected as EFH’s first CEO due to the breadth and depth of his experience, especially on the operations side of the energy business. Prior to joining EFH, he held senior roles at Exelon and Southern Company, among others. Full Bio, 
Jim Burke	title	CEO	Jim Burke, CEO, TXU Energy:,  Jim Burke heads up TXU Energy, a market-leading competitive electricity retailer, which powers the lives of more Texans than any other electric provider. His career also includes senior positions at Gexa Energy and six years with Coca-Cola. Full Bio, 
Jim Burke	employee_of	TXU Energy	Jim Burke, CEO, TXU Energy:,  Jim Burke heads up TXU Energy, a market-leading competitive electricity retailer, which powers the lives of more Texans than any other electric provider. His career also includes senior positions at Gexa Energy and six years with Coca-Cola. Full Bio, 
Stacey Doré	title	Executive Vice President	Stacey Doré, Executive Vice President and General Counsel:,  Stacey Doré advises EFH’s senior management team on legal, regulatory and corporate governance matters, oversees the corporate secretary’s office and leads the company’s legal and compliance team. She was previously Luminant general counsel. Full Bio, 
Stacey Doré	title	General Counsel	Stacey Doré, Executive Vice President and General Counsel:,  Stacey Doré advises EFH’s senior management team on legal, regulatory and corporate governance matters, oversees the corporate secretary’s office and leads the company’s legal and compliance team. She was previously Luminant general counsel. Full Bio, 
Paul Keglevic	title	Executive Vice President	Paul Keglevic, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:,  Paul Keglevic is CFO of EFH, a privately owned company that if public would rank as a Fortune 200 company. He brings 38 years of experience with public companies across industry sectors that include utilities, telecom and transportation. Full Bio, 
Paul Keglevic	title	Chief Financial Officer	Paul Keglevic, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:,  Paul Keglevic is CFO of EFH, a privately owned company that if public would rank as a Fortune 200 company. He brings 38 years of experience with public companies across industry sectors that include utilities, telecom and transportation. Full Bio, 
Carrie Kirby	title	Executive Vice President	Carrie Kirby, Executive Vice President, Human Resources:,  Carrie Kirby oversees the human resources functions across EFH corporate, Luminant and TXU Energy. She was previously vice president of human resources for TXU Energy. Prior to joining EFH, Kirby was director of human resources for a software company that targeted the energy industry. Full Bio, 
Carrie Kirby	employee_of	Human Resources	Carrie Kirby, Executive Vice President, Human Resources:,  Carrie Kirby oversees the human resources functions across EFH corporate, Luminant and TXU Energy. She was previously vice president of human resources for TXU Energy. Prior to joining EFH, Kirby was director of human resources for a software company that targeted the energy industry. Full Bio, 
Mac McFarland	title	CEO	Mac McFarland, CEO, Luminant:,  Mac McFarland is CEO of Luminant, Texas’ largest competitive power generator. McFarland and his team of 4,000 employees help power Texas through the safe operation and commercial optimization of almost 17,000 megawatts of generation in Texas. Full Bio, 
Mac McFarland	employee_of	Luminant	Mac McFarland, CEO, Luminant:,  Mac McFarland is CEO of Luminant, Texas’ largest competitive power generator. McFarland and his team of 4,000 employees help power Texas through the safe operation and commercial optimization of almost 17,000 megawatts of generation in Texas. Full Bio, 
