
Dean Foods, 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, Principal, JLT Beverages, Director Since November 1997
Chief Executive Officer, Dean Foods Company, Director Since November 2012
Since 2007, Mr. Tanner has served on the Board of Directors of The Boston Beer Company, Inc., where he is a member of the Audit Committee. He serves as Chair of the Milk Industry Foundation, as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the International Dairy Foods Association, and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Grocery Manufacturers Association. He is a graduate of Kansas State University., 
Principal, Hill Family Advisors, Director Since December 2001 
Ms. Hill currently serves as principal at Hill Family Advisors and has served in such position since 2010. Ms. Hill served as Vice President of Alexander & Associates, a corporate consulting firm which she owned, from 1981 until her retirement in 2010. She was originally elected to our Board of Directors in 2001 in connection with our acquisition of Dean Holding Company (formerly known as Dean Foods Company) ("Legacy Dean"), having served on the Board of Legacy Dean since 1997. In addition to our Board, Ms. Hill also serves on the Boards of Directors of The Wendy's Company, where she serves on the Compensation Committee, and Carlyle Group Management L.L.C., the general partner of The Carlyle Group L.P.  She also serves as a trustee of Duke University and serves on the boards of the following non-profit entities: Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics, Kennedy Center, Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts, Military Bowl, and the Underground Railroad Freedom Center., 
Ms. Hill brings valuable insight to our Board as a human resources and corporate governance specialist, having co-founded Alexander and Associates where she provided corporate planning advice and analysis to directors, executives and managers in the areas of human resource planning, corporate responsibility, corporate communications and government consultation. In addition, Ms. Hill has extensive experience serving as a director on several other Boards of Directors over the past 20 years, including Nextel (pre-merger), Wendy's (pre-merger), Sprint Nextel Corporation and Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. (post-merger)., 
Retired, Senior Vice President Global Sales, PepsiCo, Inc., Director Since May 2009
With her broad background in strategy, business planning and operations derived from her career in consumer businesses, Ms. McCluskey brings valuable skills and insight to the Company. Her experience as a Chief Executive Officer of a global public company provides her with significant expertise in global business matters, corporate leadership and management, allowing her to bring valuable insight to the management of the Company's strategic direction and growth.  Additionally, having built women's brands globally, she contributes a valuable blend of branding, merchandising, and marketing expertise to the Company.,   
Chairman, Kainos Capital, LLC, Director Since November 1997 
Mr. Muse is currently Chairman of Kainos Capital, LLC (formerly known as HM Capital Partners LLC and prior to that known as Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Incorporated, which he co-founded in 1989), a private equity firm. He also serves as Chairman of Lucchese Boot Company, Inc. a privately-held boot manufacturer, and, since December 2014, as a director of Media General, Inc., one of the nation's largest multimedia companies, where he serves on the Finance Committee. From 1984 to 1989, he was employed at Prudential Securities Inc., where Mr. Muse headed the investment banking operations for the Southwestern region of the United States. Mr. Muse also serves on the Board of Visitors of the UCLA Anderson School of Management., 
Mr. Muse has over 30 years of experience in investment banking, including experience in the food and beverage, energy and media sectors. His experience in the food and beverage sector includes service on the boards of several companies, including Earthbound Farms, Inc., an organic farming company, and Advanced H20, LLC, one of the largest producers of private label bottled water and water-based beverages in the United States. In addition to his industry knowledge, Mr. Muse has extensive knowledge of capital markets and finance, which is invaluable to our Board's planning for the Company's capital and liquidity needs., 
Managing Partner, Suiza Realty SE, Director Since October 1994 
Mr. Nevares currently serves as Managing Partner of Suiza Realty SE, a housing developer in Puerto Rico, and has served in such position since 1993. Until 1997, he served as President of Suiza Dairy, a Puerto Rican dairy processor, having served in additional executive capacities at Suiza Dairy since 1973. Mr. Nevares is also a member of the Boards of Directors of V. Suarez and Co., a major food distributor in Puerto Rico, and of Suiza Realty SE. In addition, Mr. Nevares previously served on the Board of Directors of the Corporation for the Development of the Cantera Peninsula, a government-sponsored development company for a low income area in Puerto Rico; Caribbean Preparatory School, a non-profit educational institution; and First BanCorp, where he served on the Audit, Asset, Liability and Risk Management and Credit Committees., 
As head of the former Suiza Dairy, Mr. Nevares has significant experience in the dairy industry, which is invaluable in connection with analyzing and assessing the strategic direction of the Company. Mr. Nevares also has extensive experience evaluating financial statements at First BanCorp, and supervising persons engaged in preparing and analyzing financial statements as the President of Suiza Dairy. These skills serve him well as a member of the Company's Audit Committee., 
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Robert Wiseman Dairies, Robert Wiseman Dairies Limited, Director Since February 2013
Chief Executive Officer, Dean Foods Company, Director Since November 2012
Since 2007, Mr. Tanner has served on the Board of Directors of The Boston Beer Company, Inc., where he is a member of the Audit Committee. He serves as Chair of the Milk Industry Foundation, as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the International Dairy Foods Association, and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Grocery  Manufacturers Association. He is a graduate of Kansas State University., 
Chris Bellairs, 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Bellairs joined Dean Foods in 2008 as Vice President of Finance, Supply Chain and assumed his current responsibilities on March 1, 2013. Prior to joining Dean Foods, Mr. Bellairs worked at PepsiCo, Inc., a global food and beverage company, from 1996 to 2004, where he most recently served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Foodservice and Vending division and led the financial integration of the Quaker Oats, Gatorade and Tropicana brands. Prior to joining PepsiCo, he worked at Procter & Gamble in various finance management roles and served as divisional Chief Financial Officer at Expedia, Inc. and Iron Mountain Incorporated and in a senior leadership role at The University of Notre Dame. Mr. Bellairs was an intelligence officer in the US Army for six years., 
Brad Cashaw , 
Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, 
Mr. Cashaw joined Dean Foods in March 2016 as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and is responsible for oversight of both the Operations and Logistics functions of the Company. He has over 25 years of supply chain experience in the consumer packaged goods industry. Prior to joining Dean Foods, Mr. Cashaw served as Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. from October 2013 to August 2015 and as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain of Kellogg Company from April 2012 to October 2013. Prior to that, he held positions of increasing responsibility with PepsiCo, Inc. where he last served as its Vice President, Supply Chain and NA Operations, Quaker Foods and Snacks from 2008 to 2012., 
Russell F. Coleman, 
Craig McCutcheon , 
Senior Vice President, Logistics , 
As Senior Vice President, Logistics, Mr. McCutcheon leads all transportation and logistics operations for our nationwide distribution network, a position he assumed in 2014. Prior to that, he led our Continuous Improvement and Business Optimization activities as Vice President, Continuous Improvement from 2006 to 2014. Mr. McCutcheon is one of Dean Foods' most seasoned veterans with more than 34 years of experience in various locations, functions and roles. He began his career in 1980 with Flav-o-Rich Dairy in Georgia, and later joined Mayfield Dairy, which was acquired by Dean Foods. He has served as a Distribution Supervisor, Branch Manager, Sales and Operations Manager, and General Manager, in various locations in the Southeast and in Ohio. ,   
Brian Murphy, 
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 
Brian Murphy serves as Chief Information Officer of Dean Foods, where he is responsible for the Company's information technology and infrastructure capabilities. Mr. Murphy first joined Dean Foods in 2010 as Vice President, Supply Chain IT. He later served as Chief Information Officer for the Company's Morningstar Foods business unit, and continued in that role after Dean Foods sold Morningstar Foods to Saputo Inc. in early 2013. He returned to Dean Foods in his current role in September 2013. Prior to Dean Foods, he served in various IT, supply chain, logistics and engineering roles, both in the U.S. and internationally, at T-Mobile, Whirlpool Corporation and Colgate Palmolive Limited. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Momentx Corporation, the parent company of Dairy.com, a leading provider of market intelligence and software-as-a-service solutions for the dairy industry., 
Ralph Scozzafava, 
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Mr. Scozzafava joined Dean Foods in October 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. He was promoted to his current position in October 2015. In his current role, Mr. Scozzafava oversees the Commercial functions of Sales, Marketing, and R&D along with Operations & Procurement and Logistics., Mr. Scozzafava served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Furniture Brands International, Inc. from May 2008 to November 2013 and as the Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - designate from June 2007 to January 2008. Prior to that, he was employed at Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company, where he held several positions, including serving as Vice President - Worldwide Commercial Operations from March 2006 to June 2007, and as Vice President & Managing Director - North America/Pacific from January 2004 to March 2006. Prior to joining Wrigley, Mr. Scozzafava served in sales, marketing and merchandising positions at Campbell Soup Company, Clorox Company, and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Scozzafava also serves on the Board of Directors of Stage Stores, Inc., where he is a member of the Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee.,  
Kim Warmbier, 
Executive Vice President, Human Resources, 
Ms. Warmbier joined Dean Foods in May 2012 as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Fresh Dairy Direct. She was promoted to her current position in November 2012. Prior to Dean Foods, Ms. Warmbier served as the Senior Vice President, Human Resources, for JCPenney where she led human resource professionals supporting more than 150, 000 associates in supply chain, stores, and corporate. Her experience also includes more than 20 years in the consumer packaged goods industry with PepsiCo, where she led the HR PepsiCo Customer teams for the company's five North American sales divisions including Frito-Lay, Pepsi, Tropicana, Quaker Oats, and Gatorade. Ms. Warmbier currently serves on the North Texas Food Bank Board of Directors and is a member of their NTFB Finance and Executive Committees. She is a former member of the Board of Directors of Girl Scouts Northeast Texas, a nonprofit organization, where she served on the CEO Selection Committee., 
Committees The Dean Foods Board of Directors currently maintains four committees to assist in oversight responsibilities., Learn More, Ethics & Compliance View the Dean Foods Code of Ethics. Learn More, 
http://www.deanfoods.com/our-company/about-us/bios.aspx