
	1Michael J. Massey	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey is president and chief executive officer of PetSmart, a position he has held since March 2015. Mr. Massey also serves on the Board of Directors of Office Depot. Prior to his most recent appointment, Mr. Massey served as chief executive officer and president of Coll... 
Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey is president and chief executive officer of PetSmart, a position he has held since March 2015. Mr. Massey also serves on the Board of Directors of Office Depot. Prior to his most recent appointment, Mr. Massey served as chief executive officer and president of Coll... , 
	1Eran Cohen	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Customer Experience	,  Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen, EVP of Customer Experience, oversees all aspects of PetSmart’s customer experience and seeks to better engage consumers at every touch point with the company (in-store, online, mobile). He is also refocusing the company’s efforts on digital integration and social interaction to cr... 
Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen, EVP of Customer Experience, oversees all aspects of PetSmart’s customer experience and seeks to better engage consumers at every touch point with the company (in-store, online, mobile). He is also refocusing the company’s efforts on digital integration and social interaction to cr... , 
	1Ted Passig	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Buying and Sourcing	,  Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig, EVP Buying and Sourcing, leads a redesigned merchant organization as well as a new product development and sourcing organization that drives efficiency and creates a best-in-class direct overseas sourcing operation streamlining the company's product cost. Before joining P... 
Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig, EVP Buying and Sourcing, leads a redesigned merchant organization as well as a new product development and sourcing organization that drives efficiency and creates a best-in-class direct overseas sourcing operation streamlining the company's product cost. Before joining P... , 
	1Phil Vostrejs	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Merchandise Planning	, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs, EVP of Merchandising Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain, oversees a new, streamlined planning, allocation and distribution organization that best supports the Company's growth plan. Prior to PetSmart, Mr. Vostrejs was a divisional senior vice president ... 
Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs, EVP of Merchandising Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain, oversees a new, streamlined planning, allocation and distribution organization that best supports the Company's growth plan. Prior to PetSmart, Mr. Vostrejs was a divisional senior vice president ... , 
	1Brian Amkraut	,  	2SVP	 	3Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives	,  Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut, SVP of Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives, oversees PetSmart’s real estate and development activities. He is responsible for development and execution of the strategy to drive growth through market identification and development, store design, format change and increasing th... 
Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut, SVP of Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives, oversees PetSmart’s real estate and development activities. He is responsible for development and execution of the strategy to drive growth through market identification and development, store design, format change and increasing th... , 
	1Rob Anderson	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson, senior vice president and chief financial officer, oversees the development and execution of the company’s finance strategy to support PetSmart’s growth plan. Mr. Anderson has more than 25 years of experience in finance across multiple industries, including retail. He m... 
Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson, senior vice president and chief financial officer, oversees the development and execution of the company’s finance strategy to support PetSmart’s growth plan. Mr. Anderson has more than 25 years of experience in finance across multiple industries, including retail. He m... , 
	1Paulette Dodson	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Secretary	,  Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson joined PetSmart in 2012 as the senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. She has more than 25 years of legal counsel experience including senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corp. Before Sara Lee, Paulette spent more than 14 years... 
Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson joined PetSmart in 2012 as the senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. She has more than 25 years of legal counsel experience including senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corp. Before Sara Lee, Paulette spent more than 14 years... , 
	1Erick Goldberg	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,  Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg joined PetSmart in 2001 as manager of services recruiting. In 2004 he was appointed director of talent acquisition and associate relations, and in 2009, he became vice president of field Human Resources. Erick was appointed vice president of Human Resources for the store support gr... 
Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg joined PetSmart in 2001 as manager of services recruiting. In 2004 he was appointed director of talent acquisition and associate relations, and in 2009, he became vice president of field Human Resources. Erick was appointed vice president of Human Resources for the store support gr... , 
	1Michael Goodwin	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	,  Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin joined PetSmart in June 2014 as senior vice president and chief information officer. He has more than 20 years of information technology experience, most recently serving as senior vice president and chief information officer of Technology and Business Enablement at Hallmark. Mich... 
Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin joined PetSmart in June 2014 as senior vice president and chief information officer. He has more than 20 years of information technology experience, most recently serving as senior vice president and chief information officer of Technology and Business Enablement at Hallmark. Mich... , 
	1Chris McCurdy	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Supply Chain	,  Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy joined PetSmart in November 2006 as vice president of Transportation. He has served in a variety of leadership roles within Supply Chain, most recently as vice president of Replenishment and Vendor Management. In 2014, Chris was named senior vice president of Supply Chain. Prior to ... 
Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy joined PetSmart in November 2006 as vice president of Transportation. He has served in a variety of leadership roles within Supply Chain, most recently as vice president of Replenishment and Vendor Management. In 2014, Chris was named senior vice president of Supply Chain. Prior to ... , 
	1Gregg Scanlon	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Store Operations and Services	,  Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon joined PetSmart in 1994 as a store manager and market coordinator. He has been with PetSmart for more than 20 years and has served in several field leadership roles including district manager and regional vice president. In 2011, Gregg was appointed vice president of Store Operation... 
Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon joined PetSmart in 1994 as a store manager and market coordinator. He has been with PetSmart for more than 20 years and has served in several field leadership roles including district manager and regional vice president. In 2011, Gregg was appointed vice president of Store Operation... , 
	1Daphne Smith	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Digital	,  Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith, SVP of Digital, oversees OmniChannel and PetSmart’s digital properties. Prior to PetSmart, Ms. Smith most recently served as executive vice president of Operations for Delia’s where she was responsible for marketing, planning, information technology, call center operations and print... 
Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith, SVP of Digital, oversees OmniChannel and PetSmart’s digital properties. Prior to PetSmart, Ms. Smith most recently served as executive vice president of Operations for Delia’s where she was responsible for marketing, planning, information technology, call center operations and print... , 
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=93506&p=irol-govManage