Mark P. Frissora	title	Chief Executive Officer	Mark P. Frissora Chief Executive Officer and President Read Bio, 
Mark P. Frissora	title	President	Mark P. Frissora Chief Executive Officer and President Read Bio, 
Eric Hession	title	Chief Financial Officer	Eric Hession Chief Financial Officer Read Bio, 
Tim Donovan	title	Executive Vice President	Tim Donovan Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer Read Bio, 
Tim Donovan	title	General Counsel	Tim Donovan Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer Read Bio, 
Tim Donovan	title	Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer	Tim Donovan Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer Read Bio, 
Tom Jenkin	title	Global President	Tom Jenkin Global President Read Bio, 
Bob Morse	title	President	Bob Morse President of Hospitality Read Bio, 
Steven Tight	title	President	Steven Tight President of International Development Read Bio, 
Steven Tight	employee_of	International Development	Steven Tight President of International Development Read Bio, 
Mary Thomas	title	Executive Vice President	Mary Thomas Executive Vice President of Human Resources Read Bio, 
Mary Thomas	employee_of	Human Resources	Mary Thomas Executive Vice President of Human Resources Read Bio, 
Jan Jones Blackhurst	title	Executive Vice President	Jan Jones Blackhurst Executive Vice President, Government Relations & Corporate Responsibility Read Bio, 
Les Ottolenghi	title	Executive Vice President	Les Ottolenghi Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Read Bio, 
Les Ottolenghi	title	Chief Information Officer	Les Ottolenghi Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Read Bio, 
Mark P. Frissora	title	Chairman	Mark P. Frissora Chief Executive Officer and President Mark P. Frissora is Chief Executive Officer and President of Caesars Entertainment. Mr. Frissora has 38 years of business experience that spans all levels of management and functional roles, including the last 14 years as Chairman and CEO of two Fortune 500 companies. Prior to joining Caesars Entertainment, he was Chairman and CEO of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. He led the $10.8 billion global car and equipment rental leader with more than 41,000 employees and operations in 145 countries from 2006 to 2014. During Mr. Frissora’s tenure, Hertz expanded its U.S. off-airport business to almost 3,000 locations, launched the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental service using on demand technology and acquired Donlen, Inc., a leading North American vehicle fleet leasing and management company. Prior to joining Hertz in July 2006, Mr. Frissora led Tenneco, Inc., the $7.4 billion global supplier of automotive emission control and ride control products, where he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2006. His past positions include roles in sales, marketing and brand management at General Electric as well as senior roles overseeing supply chain, engineering and manufacturing at Tenneco. He also held positions at Aeroquip-Vickers Corporation and Philips NV. Mr. Frissora was named one of Business Travel News’ Most Influential Business Travel Executives of 2012 and was presented with the 2012 Oliver R. Grace Award for Distinguished Service in Advancing Cancer Research by the Cancer Research Institute. Mr. Frissora holds a B.A. degree from The Ohio State University and has completed executive development programs at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School and the Thunderbird International School of Management. He is a Director of Delphi Automotive plc and is also a member of the McKinsey’s CEO Advisory Council. He previously served as a Director of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Back to Management, 
Mark P. Frissora	title	CEO	Mark P. Frissora Chief Executive Officer and President Mark P. Frissora is Chief Executive Officer and President of Caesars Entertainment. Mr. Frissora has 38 years of business experience that spans all levels of management and functional roles, including the last 14 years as Chairman and CEO of two Fortune 500 companies. Prior to joining Caesars Entertainment, he was Chairman and CEO of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. He led the $10.8 billion global car and equipment rental leader with more than 41,000 employees and operations in 145 countries from 2006 to 2014. During Mr. Frissora’s tenure, Hertz expanded its U.S. off-airport business to almost 3,000 locations, launched the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental service using on demand technology and acquired Donlen, Inc., a leading North American vehicle fleet leasing and management company. Prior to joining Hertz in July 2006, Mr. Frissora led Tenneco, Inc., the $7.4 billion global supplier of automotive emission control and ride control products, where he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2006. His past positions include roles in sales, marketing and brand management at General Electric as well as senior roles overseeing supply chain, engineering and manufacturing at Tenneco. He also held positions at Aeroquip-Vickers Corporation and Philips NV. Mr. Frissora was named one of Business Travel News’ Most Influential Business Travel Executives of 2012 and was presented with the 2012 Oliver R. Grace Award for Distinguished Service in Advancing Cancer Research by the Cancer Research Institute. Mr. Frissora holds a B.A. degree from The Ohio State University and has completed executive development programs at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School and the Thunderbird International School of Management. He is a Director of Delphi Automotive plc and is also a member of the McKinsey’s CEO Advisory Council. He previously served as a Director of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Back to Management, 
Eric Hession	title	Senior Vice President	Eric Hession Chief Financial Officer Eric Hession currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Caesars Entertainment. Over the course of his tenure at Caesars, he has held positions in both property operations and corporate finance.  While in operations, Eric led the Planning and Analysis, Revenue Management, Distribution, and Accounting efforts for Caesars 12 Nevada properties.  He most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer where his responsibilities included the leadership of Treasury, Investor Relations, Risk Management and Mergers & Acquisitions.  Previous to his employment with Caesars, Eric spent five years with Merck and Company, working in various capacities in Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and at their New Jersey corporate headquarters. Eric grew up in Pittsford, Vermont and attended Cornell University, where he received a Bachelor of Science in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering. He also holds an MBA from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. Back to Management, 
Eric Hession	title	Treasurer	Eric Hession Chief Financial Officer Eric Hession currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Caesars Entertainment. Over the course of his tenure at Caesars, he has held positions in both property operations and corporate finance.  While in operations, Eric led the Planning and Analysis, Revenue Management, Distribution, and Accounting efforts for Caesars 12 Nevada properties.  He most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer where his responsibilities included the leadership of Treasury, Investor Relations, Risk Management and Mergers & Acquisitions.  Previous to his employment with Caesars, Eric spent five years with Merck and Company, working in various capacities in Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and at their New Jersey corporate headquarters. Eric grew up in Pittsford, Vermont and attended Cornell University, where he received a Bachelor of Science in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering. He also holds an MBA from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. Back to Management, 
Tom Jenkin	title	President	Tom Jenkin became our Global President in May 2013. Prior to his current role, he served as President of Operations from November 2011 to May 2013. He served as Western Division President from January 2004 through November 2011.,  Jenkin joined the company in 1975 as a fry cook at Harrah's Las Vegas. In 1993, he was promoted to Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Laughlin, and five years later was named Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Las Vegas. Jenkin assumed oversight of the Rio and Harrah's Laughlin in 2001 and 2002, respectively, before being named Western Division President in 2004. Jenkin has served two terms as President of the Laughlin, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce and also has served on the executive boards of the United Way of the Colorado River, the Mohave County Airport Authority, the Clark County Chapter of the American Red Cross and the Laughlin Tourism Committee. In 1996, he was named Laughlin's Citizen of the Year. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of the Nevada Resort Association; the Board of Directors for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority; the Board of Directors for Las Vegas Events; the Board of Advisors for the Foundation for an Independent Tomorrow; and on the Opportunity Village Foundation Board., 
Tom Jenkin	title	Senior Vice President	Tom Jenkin became our Global President in May 2013. Prior to his current role, he served as President of Operations from November 2011 to May 2013. He served as Western Division President from January 2004 through November 2011.,  Jenkin joined the company in 1975 as a fry cook at Harrah's Las Vegas. In 1993, he was promoted to Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Laughlin, and five years later was named Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Las Vegas. Jenkin assumed oversight of the Rio and Harrah's Laughlin in 2001 and 2002, respectively, before being named Western Division President in 2004. Jenkin has served two terms as President of the Laughlin, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce and also has served on the executive boards of the United Way of the Colorado River, the Mohave County Airport Authority, the Clark County Chapter of the American Red Cross and the Laughlin Tourism Committee. In 1996, he was named Laughlin's Citizen of the Year. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of the Nevada Resort Association; the Board of Directors for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority; the Board of Directors for Las Vegas Events; the Board of Advisors for the Foundation for an Independent Tomorrow; and on the Opportunity Village Foundation Board., 
Tom Jenkin	title	General Manager	Tom Jenkin became our Global President in May 2013. Prior to his current role, he served as President of Operations from November 2011 to May 2013. He served as Western Division President from January 2004 through November 2011.,  Jenkin joined the company in 1975 as a fry cook at Harrah's Las Vegas. In 1993, he was promoted to Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Laughlin, and five years later was named Senior Vice President and General Manager of Harrah's Las Vegas. Jenkin assumed oversight of the Rio and Harrah's Laughlin in 2001 and 2002, respectively, before being named Western Division President in 2004. Jenkin has served two terms as President of the Laughlin, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce and also has served on the executive boards of the United Way of the Colorado River, the Mohave County Airport Authority, the Clark County Chapter of the American Red Cross and the Laughlin Tourism Committee. In 1996, he was named Laughlin's Citizen of the Year. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of the Nevada Resort Association; the Board of Directors for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority; the Board of Directors for Las Vegas Events; the Board of Advisors for the Foundation for an Independent Tomorrow; and on the Opportunity Village Foundation Board., 
