
Management Richard J. Dugas, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Read Bio Richard J. Dugas, Jr., is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PulteGroup, Inc., the nation’s most geographically and product-diverse homebuilder with operations in 29 states. Mr. Dugas has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of PulteGroup since August 18, 2009, and as Chief Executive Officer since July 1, 2003, having been named to the position at the age of 38 – at the time, the youngest CEO of any Fortune 500 company. Mr. Dugas also served as President from July 1, 2003 to February 15, 2016, at which time Ryan Marshall was named Company President. In August 2009, Mr. Dugas was named Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer following PulteGroup’s successful merger with Centex Corporation, creating America’s largest homebuilding company. The expanded Company serves all major customer segments through its family of brands that includes Pulte Homes, Centex and Del Webb. Prior to mid-2003, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company. Since 1994, Mr. Dugas (pronounced Doo-gah) has served in several management positions at PulteGroup. Prior to becoming COO in May 2002, he was Coastal Region President with responsibility for the Company’s Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee operations. In 2001, the Coastal Region was PulteGroup’s largest with approximately 3, 400 closings and $650 million in revenues. Mr. Dugas also served as City President and Market Manager for PulteGroup’s Atlanta Division and, earlier, as Process Improvement Vice President. In this role, he was responsible for driving system-wide process upgrades via two major national initiatives. Prior to joining PulteGroup, Mr. Dugas worked for PepsiCo in process improvement and plant operational efficiency, and at Exxon Company USA in marketing, retail and customer service functions. Mr. Dugas is a graduate of Louisiana State University and in 2007 was inducted into the LSU Alumni Association Hall of Distinction. He currently serves as Chairman of Leading Builders of America, an association of the country’s largest homebuilding companies focused on preserving home affordability for American families. In January 2014, Mr. Dugas was named to the Board of the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce. James R. Ellinghausen, Executive Vice President, Human Resources Read Bio Jim Ellinghausen is Executive Vice President, Human Resources for PulteGroup. He is responsible for the development and oversight of PulteGroup’s human resources strategies and initiatives for talent management, organization development, learning, compensation, culture and diversity for its employees across the United States. Mr. Ellinghausen joined PulteGroup in April 2005 as Senior Vice President, Human Resources following seven years with Bristol Meyers Squibb (BMS). During his tenure at BMS he held a number of Human Resource leadership positions including Vice President Human Resources for the US Pharmaceutical business, Senior Vice President Human Resources for the Worldwide Medicines business, and Head of Human Resources for BMS’ Worldwide Businesses with more than 40, 000 global employees. Prior to his time with BMS, Mr. Ellinghausen spent more than nine years with the Frito-Lay division of PepsiCo, where he held a number of field and headquarters human resource leadership positions in the US and Canadian businesses. Mr. Ellinghausen received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University and was a member of the men's varsity basketball team. He was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association, and played professional basketball in Europe for five years before returning to the U.S. in 1985 to begin his career in human resources. Ryan R. Marshall, President Read Bio Ryan R. Marshall was promoted to his current position of President for PulteGroup, Inc. in February 2016 and is responsible for the Company’s homebuilding operations and its marketing and strategy departments with P&L responsibility for approximately 90% of the Company. During his 15 year career, Mr. Marshall has overseen various financial and operating functions including financial reporting, land acquisition and strategic market risk and opportunity analysis. Prior to being named President, Mr. Marshall was Executive Vice President of Homebuilding Operations, Other previous roles included Area President for the Company’s Southeast Area, Area President for Florida, Division President in both South Florida and Orlando, and Area Vice President of Finance. Mr. Marshall received a Bachelor of Arts in accounting from the University of Utah and a Master of Business Administration from Arizona State University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant. Robert T. O’Shaughnessy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Read Bio Robert "Bob" O'Shaughnessy was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2011. Mr. O'Shaughnessy is responsible for the corporate accounting, treasury, tax, investor relations, audit, information technology and asset management functions including the mortgage and title companies. Mr. O'Shaughnessy joined PulteGroup from Penske Automotive Group where he had served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2007. He had held a number of financial roles with increasing responsibility at the firm since 1997, including Senior Vice President and Controller. Mr. O'Shaughnessy earned a B.S. in accounting from Lehigh University. He began his career in the New York office of Ernst & Young. Harmon D. Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Read Bio Harmon D. Smith was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for PulteGroup in February 2016. Mr. Smith oversees all day-to-day homebuilding operations, new home sales, architectural services and purchasing. Mr. Smith has held various leadership positions since joining the Company in 1989. He has served as Executive Vice President of Field Operations, Area President for the Company’s Great Lakes Area, Gulf Coast Area and Texas Area and was Division President for the DiVosta Division in South Florida. Prior to being promoted to Division President, Mr. Smith held various financial and managerial positions with the Company, including Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Smith received a BBA in accounting from Stephen F. Austin State University and a MBA from The University of Texas at Austin. Steven M. Cook, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Read Bio Steven M. Cook is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of PulteGroup, Inc. He is a member of the Company’s senior leadership team and reports directly to President and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. Dugas, Jr. Mr. Cook joined PulteGroup in February 2006 after nearly 10 years with Sears, Roebuck and Co. and its successor, Sears Holdings Corporation, where he held various legal positions including Vice President and Deputy General Counsel – Corporate. In this position he was responsible for managing all legal work for corporate activities, including mergers and acquisitions, securities, corporate governance, real estate, information technology, employee benefits, and labor and employment. He also served as Chairman and President of the Sears Reinsurance Team and was appointed to the senior transition team for the integration of Sears and Kmart. Prior to joining Sears, Mr. Cook spent 11 years with the Chicago office of the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom where he focused on corporate securities, merger and acquisition transactions, joint ventures and corporate governance. Mr. Cook received his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Illinois and his Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Northern Illinois University, graduating magna cum laude from both institutions. Joseph L. Drouin, Vice President and Chief Information Officer Kimberly M. Hill, Vice President – Tax and Assistant Secretary James L. Ossowski, Vice President-Finance and Controller Bruce E. Robinson, Vice President and Treasurer Manish M. Shrivastava, Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer James P. Zeumer, Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, 
http://www.pultegroupinc.com/investors/corporate-governance/management/default.aspx