
	1Larry D. Young	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	, 
	1Marty Ellen	,  	2Chief Financial Officer	, 
Larry D. Young President and Chief Executive Officer As president and CEO of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Larry Young leads a team of 19,000 passionate employees who make, market, sell and distribute more than 50 iconic beverage brands across North America and the Caribbean. He joined the company in 2006 as president and chief operating officer of its newly formed Bottling Group division following the acquisition of Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group, where he had served as president and CEO. In October 2007, he became president and CEO and led its spinoff the following May from Cadbury Schweppes plc. Larry played a central role in helping create a new business model for a fully integrated beverage company. By integrating brand ownership and marketing with bottling and distribution operations, the company is able to build its leading brands with a reliable, sustainable and secure route to market. In his nearly 40-year career in the industry, Larry has produced and sold virtually every type of beverage in the Americas and across Europe and Russia. He previously served more than 25 years in the Pepsi system, most recently with PepsiAmericas and before that with Pepsi-Cola General Bottlers, where he began on a route truck and worked his way to President and Chief Operating Officer. Larry was inducted into the Beverage World Soft Drink Hall of Fame in 2008, was named Executive of the Year by Beverage Industry magazine in 2010 and, in 2015, received Beverage Forum’s Lifetime Achievement Award. From 2008 to 2010, he served as chairman of the board of the American Beverage Association. He and his wife, Colette, live in Dallas and are both natives of Springfield, Mo. Marty Ellen Chief Financial Officer Marty Ellen is chief financial officer for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. He is responsible for the company's finance and IT organizations. Marty joined the company in April 2010 and brings to his role more than 25 years of broad experience serving as chief financial officer with companies in the manufacturing, distribution, franchising and services industries. Prior to his appointment at DPS, he served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Snap-on Incorporated, a global innovator, manufacturer and marketer of tools, diagnostics, equipment, software and service solutions for professional users. His previous experience includes a role as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Whitman Corporation, which then owned Pepsi Cola General Bottlers, Inc. While at Whitman, Marty was instrumental in developing and executing strategy, including the realignment and expansion of Pepsi bottling territories in the U.S. and central Europe. He began his career as a senior audit manager with the international accounting firm, Price Waterhouse. Marty holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Illinois, is a certified public accountant and earned a master's degree in business administration from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management, where he serves on the Alumni Advisory Board. Marty also serves on the Board of Directors of Eagle Materials Inc. Jim Baldwin Executive Vice President and General Counsel,  James "Jim" Baldwin is executive vice president and general counsel for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. In this role, Jim oversees all legal issues for the company. Jim has played a key strategic role in the company's major acquisitions and restructurings. He was involved in the establishment of DPS in 2008 when the company separated from Cadbury Schweppes plc. Previously, he played a central role in consolidating Cadbury Schweppes' North American beverage operations into Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages, as well as the subsequent acquisition of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up Bottling Group and several other bottling and distribution businesses. He also helped lead the acquisition of several of DPS's leading brands. Jim joined the company in 1997 as assistant general counsel, where he provided support to the Licensing team on strengthening the company's bottling network and route to market. The following year, he was promoted to general counsel for Mott's in Stamford, Conn., where he oversaw the legal aspects of the finished goods business. In June 2002, he relocated to Dallas to head up the legal department at Dr Pepper/Seven Up as senior vice president and general counsel. He was promoted to his current role a year later. Prior to DPS and Cadbury Schweppes, Jim was a partner in the Dallas office of the Houston-based law firm of Hutcheson & Grundy. He began his law career with the firm of Berman, Mitchell, Yeager and Gerber. Jim graduated Cum Laude with a bachelor's degree in English from Washington & Lee University and earned his Juris Doctorate from Southern Methodist University. He lives in Dallas with his wife, Susan, and their daughters, Sarah and Marie. Rodger Collins President - Packaged Beverages,  Rodger Collins is president of packaged beverages for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. In this role he is responsible for the company-owned routes to market for both the direct store delivery (DSD) and warehouse direct businesses. Additionally, he leads the coast-to-coast account selling teams and the related operating, category and revenue management support groups. Rodger joined the company in 2006 through its acquisition of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up Bottling Group. He has been with the Bottling Group and its predecessor companies for 35 years. Prior to assuming his current role in 2007, he served as Midwest division president beginning in 2005, based in Chicago. Previously, Rodger held region vice president or division vice president roles from 1991 to 2005 in company locations in Columbus, Ohio, Holland, Mich., and Cleveland. Earlier, he held numerous management positions in sales and marketing, based in Cleveland, Youngstown and Akron, Ohio. Rodger joined the company in 1978 in route sales. Rodger also serves on the board of directors for the American Beverage Association as well as Big Red, Inc. He and his wife, Renee, live in Frisco and have twin sons. Derry Hobson Executive Vice President - Supply Chain,  Derry Hobson serves as executive vice president of supply chain for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. In this role, he is responsible for all supply chain functions, including manufacturing, engineering, packaging, procurement, environmental health and safety, supply chain planning, logistics, concentrate manufacturing and corporate facilities. Derry has more than 40 years of senior operations and general manager experience. He assumed his current role in October 2007 after serving as senior vice president of manufacturing. He joined the company in 2006 through its acquisition of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up Bottling Group, where he served as executive vice president of supply chain since 1999. From 1993 to 1999 he was president and CEO of Sequoia Pacific Systems in Visalia, Calif., a leading developer and seller of election systems used by jurisdictions around the world. Previously, he was senior vice president of operations with Nestle USA in Greenwich, Conn. Early in his career he served as vice president of operations for Coca-Cola Enterprises, and managed manufacturing for the Southern region of Pepsi-Cola Bottling Group. He began his operations career in 1974 with Kellogg. Derry holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Ball State University. He and his wife, Brenda, have four children and live in Flower Mound, Texas. Jim Johnston President - Concentrate Sales,  James "Jim" Johnston is president of beverage concentrates and Latin America Beverages for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. In this role, he leads an organization that includes route-to-market and fountain foodservice teams in the U.S. and Canada. Additionally, in 2009, he assumed responsibility for all of our brands and businesses in Latin America. Jim was named president of beverage concentrates in late 2007 after serving as executive vice president of sales since 2005. During his previous 13 years with the company, he held numerous leadership positions in sales, strategy, licensing and field marketing. He first joined the company in November 1992 as manager of marketing services, progressing through the business as division marketing manager and VP of field marketing before holding senior vice president positions over system marketing, franchise and licensing and strategy. Earlier in his career, Jim was director-client services with Information Resources, Inc. in Darien, Connecticut. Previously, he held a number of positions of increasing responsibility in both sales and marketing during 14 years with New York 7UP Bottling Company and its predecessor, Joyce Beverages, Inc. A native of Larchmont, N.Y., Jim earned his bachelor's degree in history from Providence College. He and his wife, Kate, live in Allen, Texas, and have three daughters - Lauren, Katie, and Meghan. Lain Hancock Executive Vice President - Human Resources,  Lain Hancock serves as executive vice president – human resources for Dr Pepper Snapple Group. He is responsible for the company’s human resources organization and leads DPS’ efforts to attract, develop and retain the talent necessary to win in the marketplace.  Lain joined the company in 2007 as part of the supply chain organization, where he focused on establishing processes to improve safety, product quality, service and productivity. During his time in supply chain, Lain served in several senior leadership positions that included supply chain strategy, manufacturing operations and procurement before joining the HR organization as senior vice president in 2012. Prior to joining DPS, Lain served as an aviation branch officer for the U.S. Army and more recently as a consultant with McKinsey & Company. Lain holds a B.S. degree from the United States Military Academy at West Point and an M.B.A. from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He lives in Keller, Texas, with his wife, Lynn, and their two children, Dan and Kelsey. David Thomas Executive Vice President - Research & Development,  Dr. David Thomas is the executive vice president of research & development for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. In this role, he has overall responsibility for all aspects of R&D, including product development, regulatory, nutrition, sensory and consumer guidance, flavor and concentrate technology, chemistry, functional ingredient technology, process development engineering and knowledge management. David joined the company in 2006 as senior vice president for research & development. He has extensive R&D experience in the food and beverage business and has led the development and launch of consumer products across nearly every category. Prior to joining DPS, he served as vice president, research & development for the Gerber Products Company, where he led innovation efforts across the U.S., Mexico, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Previously, he served in numerous product and technology development positions at General Mills, Pillsbury and Unilever/National Starch & Chemical, progressing from project leader roles to various senior director-level positions. David holds 15 patents across a range of ingredient, product and process-related technologies. He is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison where he holds a B.S. in microbiology, and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in food science, with an emphasis in flavor biochemistry. His Ph.D. program (1988-1992) was tied closely with research being done at McCormick & Co., Inc. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for the International Life Sciences Institute (North America), as well as on the Board of Advisors for the Center for Food Safety (University of Georgia). Jim Trebilcock Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer,  James “Jim” Trebilcock is the executive vice president and chief commercial officer (CCO) for Dr Pepper Snapple Group. In this role, he leads and oversees all areas of commercial brand management and marketing, as well as national account sales, shopper marketing, category management, revenue margin management and integrated business planning. Jim took on the added responsibilities of CCO in 2016 after serving since 2008 as EVP of marketing. In his nearly three decades with DPS and its predecessor companies, he has held numerous leadership positions in brand management, promotions, marketing research and marketing services. He joined the company in 1987 as brand manager for Cherry 7UP, progressing through the organization as director of promotions, vice president of marketing and senior vice president of marketing services. In 2003, Jim was named senior vice president-consumer marketing and was responsible for all consumer marketing, strategic alliances, merchandising and consumer insights for the entire portfolio of brands. He held this position until being promoted to EVP of marketing in 2008. Before joining DPS, he held several regional sales and marketing positions with Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated. Prior to that, he began his marketing career with General Mills Inc., working in the Big G Cereal Division.      Jim is a graduate of Michigan State University where he holds a B.A. and an MBA in marketing. He is a member of the board of directors of the Association of National Advertisers and the Cotton Bowl Classic. He also serves as president of the Dr Pepper Dallas Cup, one of the world’s most prestigious international youth soccer tournaments. Governance The DPS Board of Directors sets high standards for our employees, officers and directors. It is the duty of the Board of Directors to serve as a prudent fiduciary for shareholders and to oversee the management of our business. To fulfill its responsibilities and to discharge its duty, the Board of Directors follows the procedures and standards that are set forth in its Corporate Governance Guidelines.Meet Our Board of Directors Our Strategy The key elements of our business strategy are to build and enhance leading brands, focus on opportunities in high growth and high margin categories, increase presence in high margin channels and packages, leverage our integrated business model, strengthen our route-to-market and improve operating efficiency.Learn More Call to ACTION DPS team members are driven by our vision to be the best beverage business in the Americas. We are dynamic and aggressive, pursuing our goals to grow sales and crush costs through teamwork, innovation, precise execution and great customer relationships. Every day, our employees are taking ACTION to do what it takes to win a changing market.Take ACTION
Our Strategy The key elements of our business strategy are to build and enhance leading brands, focus on opportunities in high growth and high margin categories, increase presence in high margin channels and packages, leverage our integrated business model, strengthen our route-to-market and improve operating efficiency.Learn More, 
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (NYSE: DPS) is a leading producer of flavored beverages in North America and the Caribbean. Our success is fueled by more than 50 brands that are synonymous with refreshment, fun and flavor. We manufacture, bottle and distribute Dr Pepper, 7UP, Mott's, Snapple, Canada Dry and other favorites as well as new innovations like Dr Pepper TEN. © 2016 DR PEPPER SNAPPLE GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, 
www.drpeppersnapplegroup.com/company/leadership/
