
Stock Information & Analyst Coverage, Expand/Collapse, Historical Prices Dividends Stock Splits Analyst Coverage Stock Chart
Historical Prices, Dividends, Stock Splits, Analyst Coverage, Stock Chart, 
Human Resources Charter, 
Latest news: Updated: Additional Package Codes Of Watts Brothers Farms Organic Mixed Vegetables, Organic Super Sweet Corn, And Organic Peas Recalled Because Of Possible Health Risk, ConAgra Foods Completes Sales of JM Swank and Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings, ConAgra Foods Expands Recall of P.F. Chang’s Home Menu Brand Meals Available in Grocery Retailers Due to Potential Presence of Foreign Material, View All News, 
Sean M. Connolly joined ConAgra Foods in April 2015 as president and chief executive officer. ConAgra Foods is one of North America's leading packaged food companies with recognized brands such as Marie Callender's®, Healthy Choice®, Slim Jim®, Hebrew National®, Orville Redenbacher's®, Peter Pan®, Reddi-wip®, PAM®, Snack Pack®, Banquet®, Chef Boyardee®, Egg Beaters®, Hunt's®, and many others found in grocery, convenience, mass merchandise and club stores. ConAgra also has a strong business-to-business presence, supplying frozen potato and sweet potato products as well as other vegetable, spice and grain products to a variety of well-known restaurants, foodservice operators and commercial customers.
Prior to ConAgra Foods, Colleen was vice president and corporate secretary at Albertson's, Inc., associate counsel with The Cleveland Clinic Foundation and an associate with the law firm of Jones Day®, . Her practice has focused on securities regulation, corporate governance issues, executive compensation matters, mergers and acquisitions, and other general corporate matters.
Tom McGough was named president of ConAgra Foods' Consumer Foods business in 2013. Consumer Foods makes and sells leading branded food to retail and foodservice channels. Consumers can find recognized brands such as Banquet®, Chef Boyardee®, Egg Beaters®, Healthy Choice®, Hebrew National®, Hunt's®, Marie Callender's®, Orville Redenbacher's®, PAM®, Peter Pan®, Reddi-wip®, Slim Jim®, Snack Pack®, and many others.
www.conagrafoods.com/our-company/corporate-leadership