
Menu,  Personal Business - Selected Commercial - Selected Personal Personal Home Credit Cards Expand Credit Cards Menu,  Find a Card Credit Cards Home View Top Rewards Cards Compare Credit Cards See if You're Pre-qualified Small Business Credit Cards Find the Right Card Respond to a Mail Offer Benefits And Services View Cardholder Benefits See Credit Card FAQ Redeem and Learn About Rewards Pay Your Bill Learn About CreditWise® Bank Expand Bank Menu,  Personal Banking Bank Home Money Market Account Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Accounts Online and Mobile Banking Tools Borrow Expand Borrow Menu,  Mortgages & Home Equity Borrow Home Mortgages Overview Mortgage Rates Refinance Overview Refinance Rates Home Equity Overview Home Equity Rates Auto Financing Auto Finance Overview New & Used Auto Financing Auto Loan Refinancing Auto Rates Auto Loan Calculators Auto Learning Center Invest Expand Invest Menu,  Team with an Advisor Invest Home Why Choose Our Advisors Wealth and Asset Management Do It Yourself Online Why Invest with Us Compare Trade Prices Plan Your Retirement Open an Account Sign In to Your Account Learn Contact Business Business Home Bank Expand Bank Menu,  Banking Accounts Bank Home Business Checking Business Savings Financing & Credit Small Business Credit Cards Corporate Card Program Borrow Expand Borrow Menu,  Financing & Credit Borrow Small Business Credit Cards Corporate Card Program Invest Expand Invest Menu,  Investing Accounts 401(k) Plans Banking Accounts Business Savings Manage Expand Manage Menu,  Business Services Merchant Services Contact Commercial Commercial Home About Industry Expertise Expand Industry Expertise Menu,  Commercial & Industrial Commercial Real Estate Energy Healthcare Technology See All Industries Solutions Expand Solutions Menu,  Solutions Home Commercial Lending Depository Services Treasury Management Capital Markets Private Banking & Wealth Management Corporate Cards Insights Contact Locations Search
Personal Banking,  Bank Home Money Market Account Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Accounts Online and Mobile Banking Tools
Richard D. Fairbank,  Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, 
Richard D. Fairbank is founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Capital One Financial Corporation, a broadly diversified financial services company ranked 130th on the Fortune 500, .  Mr. Fairbank founded Capital One in 1988 based on his belief that the power of information, technology and testing could be harnessed to bring highly customized financial products directly to consumers. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, Capital One is a top 10 US bank, offering a broad spectrum of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients.  Capital One has approximately 1000 branch locations in New York, New Jersey, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Additionally, Capital One has international businesses in the United Kingdom and Canada.
Under Mr. Fairbank's leadership, Capital One has demonstrated a strong commitment to philanthropy and volunteerism, supporting a number of area programs focused on community redevelopment and youth education, including DC Cares, the DC College Access Program and Junior Achievement. Mr. Fairbank has often been recognized for his community and industry leadership, including being named by Bank Technology and Systems,  as one of the 10 Top Innovators of the Decade. Mr. Fairbank was honored as a 2008 Washington Business Hall of Fame Laureate,  and also appointed to the President’s Council on Service and Civic Participation.  He was named “2006 Banker of the Year” by the American Banker. Mr. Fairbank served on MasterCard International’s Global Board of Directors and, prior to that, as Chairman of MasterCard’s U.S. Region Board.  Mr. Fairbank holds an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Stanford University.
www.capitalone.com/about/corporate-information/leadership/