
Our Business,  Our History,  Our Culture Our Values Corporate Responsibility Our Leadership Executive Management Corporate Officers and Subsidiary Presidents Board of Directors Our Family of Companies
Our Leadership,  Executive Management,  Corporate Officers and Subsidiary Presidents,  Board of Directors, 
Our Business Our History Our Culture Our Values Corporate Responsibility Our Leadership Executive Management Corporate Officers and Subsidiary Presidents Board of Directors Our Family of Companies, 
×,  Sarah J. (“Sally”) Anderson
×,  John G. Figueroa
×,  Thomas W. Gimbel
×,  Douglas M. Hayes
× Douglas M. Hayes Douglas M. Hayes became a director of Reliance in September 1997. From 1986 to his retirement in February 1997, he was managing director of investment banking at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, which was the underwriter in our initial public offering in 1994, and an underwriter in our 1997 public equity offering. After his retirement, Mr. Hayes established his own investment firm, Hayes Capital Corporation. Mr. Hayes serves as a member of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee. He is also a director of Circor International, Inc., a public company listed on the NYSE., 
×,  Mark V. Kaminski
×,  Andrew G. Sharkey, III
×,  David H. Hannah Board Member
Reliance History,  2016-Present Board Member 2015-2016 Executive Chairman of the Board 2007-2015 Chairman of the Board 1999-2015 Chief Executive Officer 1995-2002 President 1992-1995 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 1992-Present Appointed as Director 1990-1992 Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 1989-1990 Vice President & Division Manager, Reliance Steel Company 1987-1989 Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 1981-1987 Joined RSAC as (first) Chief Financial Officer     Prior Experience,  1973-1981 Ernst & Whinney (now Ernst & Young LLP)     Industry Affiliations or Awards,  2013-2015 Chairman of the Board, Metals Service Center Institute 1998 Metals Service Center Executive of the Year 1998 Distinguished Alumnus, USC     Education,  CPA BS, Finance & Accounting, USC
Having been with the company for over 30 years now, David considers that he has grown up here, mentored by past leaders, and has directed several significant Reliance milestones. These include the company’s 1994 IPO, its entry in Fortune,  magazine’s list of top 500 companies, and the completion of over 50 acquisitions, resulting in Reliance’s robust performance, profitability, and top position in the metals service center industry. Under David’s leadership, Reliance has come to be known industry wide as the Acquirer of Choice. He continues to be an officer and active board member of the Metals Service Center Institute, where he served as Chairman of the Board from May 2013 to May 2015.
×,  Gregg J. Mollins President & Chief Executive Officer
Reliance History,  2015-Present Chief Executive Officer 2002-Present President 1995-2015 Chief Operating Officer 1997-Present Director 1995-2002 Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer 1994-1995 Vice President & Chief Operating Officer 1992-1994 Vice President 1986-1992 Division Manager, Santa Clara     Prior Experience,  10 years’ experience in the metals industry
×,  James D. Hoffman Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer
Reliance History,  2016-Present Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer 2015-2016 Executive Vice President, Operations 2008-2015 Senior Vice President, Operations 2006-2008 Chief Operations Officer, Earle M. Jorgensen Company 2006-2008 Executive Vice President, Earle M. Jorgensen Company     Prior Experience,  1996-2006 Vice President, Earle M. Jorgensen Company (Cleveland, Cleveland Plate, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Charlotte, Philadelphia, Hartford, Canadian Operations, Boston; Eastern Region) 1991-1996 District Manager, Earle M. Jorgensen Company (Cleveland & Buffalo) 1980-1991 United States Steel Corporation     Industry Affiliations or Awards,  Board of Directors, Metals Service Center Institute     Education,  BS, Advertising/Marketing, West Virginia University
Growing up in Pittsburgh, home of the American steel industry, Jim Hoffman,  practically had steel in his veins. Summer jobs in local steel mills were the norm, yet this experience, though grounding him in the basics of the industry, taught him that he actually didn’t want to work in a steel mill. Despite his best efforts to avoid it, though, Jim found himself gaining more experience in steel and other metals. It was the sales and operations sides of the business, however, which piqued his interest and allowed him to apply his degree in Advertising and Marketing. After 11 years with United States Steel Corporation, Jim went on to a 17-year career with Earle M. Jorgensen Company, rising to the position of Chief Operating Officer in Chicago. EMJ was acquired by Reliance in 2006, and two years later Jim relocated to the West Coast to assume the position of Senior Vice President of Operations at Reliance’s corporate office. Now, as Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, he oversees all of Reliance's operating businesses. Jim is also a Director at the Metals Service Center Institute.
×,  Stephen P. Koch Senior Vice President, Operations
Reliance History,  2010-Present Senior Vice President, Operations 2007-2010 President, Chapel Steel 2005-2007 Executive Vice President, Chapel Steel     Prior Experience,  1995-2005 Vice President, Chapel Steel 1988-1994 Sales Manager, Chapel Steel     Education,  BA, Public Relations (minor Business Administration), Shippensburg University
A dissatisfying stint as a stock broker trainee caused Stephen P. Koch,  to apply for an open position at Chapel Steel; he was hired as Chapel’s first full-time sales representative. In this new capacity he discovered that fulfilling customer needs while building relationships was tangible and rewarding, both personally and professionally. Steve’s success in sales led him to the buying side of the business, where he developed mill relationships to satisfy the increasing demand for steel plate, Chapel’s specialty. Over a 22-year career, he played an integral role in Chapel’s expansion, and rose to serve as Executive Vice President and President after the company was acquired by Reliance in 2005. Steve transitioned to Reliance’s corporate office to take on the position of Senior Vice President of Operations in 2010. Drawing from mentors, peers, and the larger Reliance family as well as his own reserve of experience, he enjoys the continued challenges, successes, and opportunities ahead for the diverse subsidiaries and divisions which he oversees.
×,  William K. Sales, Jr. Executive Vice President, Operations
Reliance History,  2015-Present Executive Vice President, Operations 2002-2015 Senior Vice President, Operations 2001-2002 Senior Vice President, Non-Ferrous Operations 1997-2001 Vice President, Non-Ferrous Operations     Prior Experience,  1981-1997 Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corp.     Industry Affiliations or Awards,  Chair, Aluminum Products Division Council, Metals Service Center Institute Board of Directors, Metals Service Center Institute   Education,  BS, Industrial Engineering, Louisiana Tech MS, Industrial Engineering, Louisiana State University
A degree in Engineering helped Bill Sales,  land his first job out of college with Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corporation. Beginning with engineering individual pieces for specific projects, Bill then gained valuable exposure to and experience in the production and sales departments. Over a 16-year tenure, he gained increasingly broader bases of knowledge and responsibility from which to make strategic decisions that affected the company. His knowledge of the supply side of the metals industry made Bill a great fit to head up Reliance’s non-ferrous operations, of which he took the helm in 1997. As Reliance increased its portfolio of specialty metals service centers, Bill’s experience has been instrumental, from both strategic acquisition and operational standpoints. Having been with Reliance for over 15 years, Bill now maintains operations oversight of numerous Reliance’s subsidiaries and divisions. In May 2015, he was promoted to the position of Executive Vice President of Operations. Additionally, he has been a director at the Metals Service Center Institute since 2011, and is the Chair of its Aluminum Products Division Council.
×,  Sheldon U. Tenenbaum Senior Vice President, Supplier Development
Reliance History,  2009-Present Senior Vice President, Supplier Development 1999-2009 Director, Supplier Development     Prior Experience,  Chatham Steel Corporation Over 40 years' metals service center experience     Industry Affiliations or Awards,  Board of Directors, Metals Service Center Institute     Education,  Political Science, Tulane University
Sheldon Tenenbaum,  grew up in the shadow of Chatham Steel, the company started in 1915 by his grandfather, Samuel, who immigrated to the United States from Europe in the early 20th century. The company was passed down to Sheldon’s father and uncles, who grew it to six locations throughout the southern United States. Sheldon, his brother, and their cousins followed in their fathers’ footsteps, joining and continuing to expand the family business into a major steel service center. Chatham Steel joined the Reliance Family of Companies in 1998, when Sheldon was its Vice President. Since then, he has contributed his more than four decades of knowledge and expertise of the metals industry to fostering relationships with Reliance suppliers. His role, Senior Vice President of Supplier Development, was formalized in 2009. Sheldon continues to work out of Chatham Steel’s headquarters in Savannah, Georgia.
×,  Karla R. Lewis Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Reliance History,  2015-Present Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 2002-2015 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 2000-2002 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 1999-2000 Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 1995-1999 Vice President & Corporate Controller 1992-1995 Corporate Controller     Prior Experience,  1988-1992 Ernst & Young LLP     Industry Affiliations or Awards,  Board of Directors, Metals Service Center Institute     Education,  CPA BS Business, Ohio State University
Upon the advice of a local CPA, Karla Lewis,  decided to become an accountant when she was in elementary school. She stayed the course, leaving the small farming town she grew up in to earn a BS in Business at Ohio State University, and later became a certified public accountant. A turning point came when Karla – unlike her peers, who opted to stay local or go to the East Coast – chose to do an internship in Los Angeles. When she graduated, the company (Ernst & Young, LLP) hired her full time, and she made her permanent move west. One of her first clients was Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co.
×,  Michael P. Shanley Senior Vice President, Operations
Reliance History,  2015-Present Senior Vice President, Operations 2009-2015 President, Liebovich Bros, Inc. 2005-2009 Vice President & General Manager, Hagerty Steel and Aluminum     Prior Experience,  1978-2005 Various positions at Liebovich Bros.    
It’s not certain whether his father’s career in the foundry business influenced Mike Shanley’s,  start in the metals industry, or whether it was just a matter of chance and timing. After landing a temporary plant position at Liebovich Bros., Inc. in Rockford, Illinois, though, he didn’t look back and he didn’t leave. A rarity even in an industry of many “old timers,” Mike Shanley has spent his entire career at Liebovich – actively participating in and even shepherding the company’s growth; in many ways, he himself grew up with the company. After working his way up the company ranks and gaining invaluable experience along the way, Mike became Vice President and General Manager of one of Liebovich Bros.’ divisions, Hagerty Steel & Aluminum. Having served four years in that position, he was then elevated to the presidency of Liebovich in 2009. Beginning in April 2015, Mike took on the role of one of Reliance’s Senior Vice President of Operations. He is responsible for overseeing the operations of a number of Reliance subsidiaries and divisions. As Mike continues his career in metals, his experience of having worked for and with some of the best people in the industry will be one of his most valuable resources, one he seeks to constantly renew and also draw from to share with others.
×,  William A. Smith II Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Reliance History,  2015-Present Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2013-2015 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary     Prior Experience,  2009-2013 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Metals USA 2005-2008 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Director of Corporate Development, Cross Match Technologies, Inc. 1999-2005 Partner, Corporate and Securities Practice Group, DLA Piper Education,  JD, Georgetown University Law Center AB, Georgetown University
Will Smith,  became Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in May 2015. Will joined Reliance as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary following Reliance’s acquisition of Metals USA in 2013. As Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Metals USA, Will managed the company’s 2010 initial public offering and other corporate and transactional matters. Before Metals USA, Will was Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Director of Corporate Development for an international biometric technology company. Prior to that, he was a Partner in the Corporate & Securities practice group of DLA Piper. A stint as a Foreign Lawyer in in Seoul, Korea representing and counseling multinational corporations and engaging in a variety of commercial transactions also contributed to Will’s extensive domestic and international M&A experience. Will earned his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center and his A.B. from Georgetown University.
×,  Robert A. McEvoy
Allegheny Steel Distributors, Inc. Allegheny Steel Distributors, Inc. was founded in 1972 and is a diversified metals processor specializing in prime and non-prime hot rolled carbon steel sheet and coil. Joining the Reliance family of companies in 1999, the company now occupies over 100,000 square feet on nine acres in Indianola, 10 miles northeast of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Its customer base serves most major markets including: containers, recreational vehicles, service centers, tanks, job shops, buildings, fence posts, agriculture, lasers, furnaces, batteries, trailers, material handling equipment, rail and racks/conveyors. View more information about Allegheny Steel Distributors, Inc., 
Aluminum & Stainless, Inc. Aluminum & Stainless, Inc. has been the leader in aluminum, stainless steel, copper, brass, and other non-ferrous metals in the Gulf South since 1969. A world premier nonferrous marine metals distributor, A&S joined the Reliance family in 2001 and offers a complete line of materials for aluminum crew/supply boats, workboats, military vessels, yachts, passenger ferries, and more. A&S is the supplier of choice to oil and gas exploration and production fabrication facilities, petrochemical plants, machine shops, general fabrication, job shops, and others. With warehouses strategically located to provide prompt, professional delivery, A&S carries deep stock and provides efficient service to not only supply all their customers, but to help them grow. View Aluminum & Stainless, Inc. Website, 
American Metals Corporation American Steel joined Reliance in July 1995, followed by American Metals in 1998. In 2009, they merged to form American Metals Corporation. The company is a diversified metals processor and distributor based in Canby, OR, with branches in Kent, WA, and Sacramento, Redding, and Fresno, CA. Its metals processing products include plate and plate coil, hot and cold-rolled sheet and coil, coated sheet and coil, angles, channels, beams, hot-rolled carbon bars, alloy bars, tubing and piping, expanded metal and gratings and aluminum and stainless steel. American Metals Corporation’s values of trust, respect, honesty, and tolerance provide a foundation for the ways it improves internal structures, processes, and methods to provide customers with excellent products and quality service. The company also operates a subsidiary, Lampros Steel, Inc., in Portland, OR and LSI Plate (a joint venture with Lampros) in Rancho Cucamonga, CA. In November 2013, it acquired Haskins Steel Co., Inc., of Spokane, WA, a carbon steel and aluminum processing center which strengthens American Metals’ presence in the Pacific Northwest. View American Metals Corporation Website, 
  AMI Metals, Inc. Founded in 1983 in Brentwood, Tennessee, AMI Metals, Inc. is now the premier full service metal service center providing aluminum plate, sheet, bar, and extruded profiles for the aerospace industry. AMI joined the Reliance family in 1997 and has expanded to six metals service centers across the nation, with international offices in Belgium, France, and the United Kingdom. A commitment to internal investments, along with management collaboration and communication across all locations, consistently realizes corporate best practices and gives AMI the flexibility to meet short-notice scheduling, minimizing overall cost impacts. AMI’s best-in-class IT customer interface ensures timely delivery of all products and services.  View AMI Metals, Inc. Website, 
Bralco Metals Bralco Metals, a division of Reliance since 1997, is a leader in aerospace, aircraft and industrial metal products, meeting customers’ needs with unbridled quality standards and service. Headquartered in a 140,000 square-foot high-tech metal processing and distribution center in La Mirada, CA, with additional centers in Kent, WA, Garland, TX, Wichita, KS, Albuquerque, NM, and Phoenix, AZ, Bralco Metals offers pre-production precision processing including leveling, blanking, cut-to-length, slitting, sawing, shearing, grinding and machining. For over six decades, Bralco Metals has provided immediate delivery of ferrous and non-ferrous materials from a vast inventory of aluminum, brass, copper, bronze, beryllium, and stainless steel.  Products include coil, sheet, strip, plate, rod and bar.  Trained product specialists work with customers to meet any metal requirements. In July 2012, Bralco acquired Airport Metals, a stocking distributor of aircraft materials and supplies. Based in Melbourne, Airport Metals represents Reliance’s first presence in Australia. In October 2013, Affiliated Metals, a fellow Reliance division, joined the Bralco group of companies to expand the company’s presence in Salt Lake City and the Intermountain region. View Bralco Metals Locations, 
Chapel Steel Corp. A member of the Reliance family of companies since July 2005, Chapel Steel Corp. is a dynamic, dependable company supplying customers with the finest quality products — including structural, carbon and HSLA steel plate, alloy and abrasion resistant steel plate, marine and offshore steel plate, PVQ steel plate, armor and ballistic steel plate, cat specs and a quick product line — at the highest level of service in the industry. Services include consignment, just-in-time, plasma cutting steel plate, plasma etching steel plate, oxy-fuel cutting steel plate and CAD. An innovative approach means that Chapel Steel customers get the benefits of state-of-the-art technology as well as personal, professional service, making Chapel Steel more than a supplier, but also a partner, meeting the needs of customers to help their businesses grow. View Chapel Steel Corp. Website, 
Chatham Steel Corporation From its beginning in 1915 as a scrap iron and metal business in Savannah, Georgia, Chatham Steel Corporation has grown to become a major steel service leader for over 2,500 active customers. A family business for more than 80 years, Chatham became part of the Reliance family in 1998, further enhancing its ability to anticipate and meet its customers’ needs. Chatham now operates five divisions located in Savannah; Columbia, South Carolina; Orlando, Florida; Birmingham, Alabama; and Durham, North Carolina. Operations were expanded in 2008 to serve the nuclear industry, and Chatham continues to make internal improvements in order to respond quickly and accurately to customers’ requirements. View Chatham Steel Corporation Website, 
Clayton Metals, Inc. Founded in 1976, Clayton Metals, Inc. processes and distributes slit coils and aluminum circles, which are used in industrial and commercial applications including transportation, electronics, lighting, and housewares. Whether customers need materials for stamping, roll forming, spinning, hydroforming or deep drawing, Clayton Metals works hard to understand and meet their specific needs. Customers come back because of the excellent service and quality of stainless, aluminum, copper and brass products. Clayton Metals, headquartered near Chicago, Illinois, became part of the Reliance family in 2007 and operates two additional locations near Los Angeles, California and Newark, New Jersey. View Clayton Metals, Inc. Website, 
Continental Alloys & Services, Inc. Continental Alloys & Services, Inc. was established in 1976 as a small supplier of steel to the oil and gas industry. By developing its network of relationships and broadening its product lines from oil country tubular goods (OCTG) to mechanical tubing and solid bar, Continental grew its business and service area to Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Malaysia, Singapore, and the United Arab Emirates. Joining the Reliance family in 2011, Continental increased Reliance’s global reach, while at the same time lending Reliance's strength and reputation to Continental’s operations in North America. Continental’s mission remains: to be the global leader in materials management for the energy services industry, offering a complete range of products and value added services that meet or exceed customers’ demands. View Continental Alloys & Services, Inc. Website, 
Crest Steel Corporation Founded in 1963, Crest Steel Corporation is a major distributor of structural steel products – steel beam, shapes, bar, plate, sheet, steel coil, and more – to industries including shipbuilding, solar support structures and commercial fabrication. Crest offers a variety of value-added processing services, efficiently serving customers from locations in Cypress and Riverside, California and Phoenix, Arizona. Crest joined Reliance’s family of companies in early 2007. Among other new opportunities, the combination with Reliance expanded Crest’s access to inventory and geographic reach, providing a solid footing in the steel plate distribution business. View Crest Steel Corporation Website, 
Delta Steel, Inc. Founded in 1963, Delta Steel, Inc. has established a deep and diverse inventory, the best processing equipment in the industry and a dedicated, professional team. Experts at brokering partnerships with a diverse group of fabricators, OEMs, and other clients, Delta is a leading provider of steel and pre-production processing in the Southwest. Delta serves various industries domestically and abroad. Joining the Reliance family in 2008 increased Delta’s purchasing strength with steel mills and strong vendor relationships, further enabling Delta to provide the best products at the best prices to clients and customers. View Delta Steel, Inc. Website, 
Diamond Manufacturing Company Diamond Manufacturing Company has provided OEMs, job shops, and architectural firms with quality perforated metal, plastic, and other materials since 1915. Headquartered in Wyoming, Pennsylvania, with additional locations in Cedar Hill, Texas, Michigan City, Indiana and Charlotte, North Carolina, Diamond became a part of the Reliance family in 2010. With the ability to perforate more than 2000 patterns, produce tolerances tighter than industry standard, and offer sheet, coil, tube, fabricated, or finished product, Diamond has the versatility to meet the needs of all its customers. In 2012, Diamond acquired McKey Perforating Co., Inc. which added two locations in New Berlin, Wisconsin and Manchester, Tennessee. Its capabilities and distinct responsiveness have made Diamond North America's leading and largest perforator. Diamond Manufacturing has provided original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), job shops, and architectural firms with quality perforated metal, plastic, and other materials since 1915; it became a part of the Reliance family in October 2010. With the ability to perforate more than 2000 patterns, produce tolerances tighter than industry standard, and offer sheet, coil, tube, fabricated, or finished product, Diamond has the versatility to meet the needs of all its customers. Diamond’s experts work to ensure complete customer satisfaction: providing design assistance or delivery information, organizing a bar-coded inventory system, or delivering directly to a construction site. Its capabilities and distinct responsiveness have made Diamond North America's leading and largest perforator. View Diamond Manufacturing Company Website, 
Durrett Sheppard Steel Co. Founded in 1963 and a Reliance family member since 1998, Durrett Sheppard Steel is a diversified metals processor and distributor based in Baltimore, MD, whose processing capabilities include oxy and plasma burning, sawing and shearing from a 202,000 square-foot facility. Durrett Sheppard outsources a variety of other metal products and related processing requirements and delivers metal products to customers throughout Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia and Washington, D.C. Durrett Sheppard prides itself in quality, service and dedication to serving its customers' needs. View more information about Durrett Sheppard Steel Co., 
Earle M. Jorgensen Company Earle M. Jorgensen Company was founded as Jorgensen Steel and Aluminum in 1921 and quickly rose to be one of the country's largest stockers of bar, sheet, plate, tubing, and structural steel and aluminum, and a leading supplier to manufacturing companies across North America. A broad network of facilities, superior inventories, processing capabilities, and world-class technology enables them to provide unsurpassed service to their customers. Acquired by Reliance in 2006, EMJ’s 30+ U.S. locations and presence in Canada and Malaysia represent one of Reliance’s largest subsidiaries. View Earle M. Jorgensen Company Website, 
Feralloy Corporation One of the country’s largest high-volume steel processing companies, Feralloy Corporation delivers quality processed flat rolled steel. From its Chicago base, Feralloy operates a network of five coil processing plants and seven joint venture facilities throughout the U.S. and Mexico that provide value-added processing of hot rolled, pickled, cold rolled and coated sheet products to manufacturers and producers. Feralloy has almost 60 years of industry experience and joined Reliance’s family of companies in 2008 View Feralloy Corporation Website, 
Gas House Metal Solutions GH Metal Solutions began in 1958 as an installer and servicer of heating and air conditioning systems, later transitioning to manufacturing metal parts. The company name embraces its heritage while representing its current business as a full service fabrication shop. Its 200,000 square-foot manufacturing space is one of the Southeast’s largest and most comprehensively capability shops, strategically located in Fort Payne, AL. GHMS’ diverse services – including in-house laser cutting, bar and tube processing, stamping, machining, sawing and welding services – continual investment in technology, and staff of 220 skilled and dedicated staff creates an atmosphere of quality driven production. GHMS joined the Reliance family when it was acquired by Feralloy Corporation in October 2012. View Gas House Metal Solutions Website, 
Liebovich Bros., Inc. Liebovich Bros., Inc.'s state-of-the-art facilities in Rockford, Illinois, are fully equipped to provide high-definition plasma cutting, precision plate and sheet shearing, flame cutting, grinding, stress relieving and saw cutting, among other services. Their inventory of aluminum, hot and cold rolled steel, stainless steel, brass, copper and alloys is among the Midwest's largest. Whether customers need a single piece or 1,000 pieces cut, Liebovich is able to fill the order quickly and efficiently. The company continues investing in the latest technology and equipment and strives to improve its products and services. Liebovich has been part of the Reliance family since 1999. It also operates Liebovich Steel & Aluminum Company, Good Metals Company, Hagerty Steel & Aluminum Company, and Custom Fab Company. View Liebovich Bros., Inc. Website, 
McKey Perforating Co, Inc. McKey makes complex perforated materials and parts using superior materials and precision machinery. Its professionals work closely with customers to engineer solutions that work best for their unique applications. Founded in 1860, McKey Perforating Company, Inc. has over 150 years of experience in providing perforated solutions to customers in the construction equipment, electronics, agricultural, medical, mining, chemical, architectural and automotive industries. It’s among the top perforators in the U.S. in production capacity and capabilities, and a founding member of the Industrial Perforating Association (IPA), which sets the standards for perforated materials. McKey was acquired by Diamond Manufacturing Company in February 2012. View McKey Perforating Co, Inc. Website, 
MetalCenter MetalCenter is a metals processor and distributor of commercial aluminum, aerospace aluminum, and stainless steel. This Reliance division traces its roots back to 1980, when the non-ferrous operations of Reliance Steel Company were relocated from Los Angeles to Cerritos, California and renamed Reliance MetalCenter. In 1986, the name was shortened to MetalCenter, and in 1990 the company moved to a state-of-the-art 142,000 square-foot facility in Santa Fe Springs, California, absorbing the operations of Eureka Metals when it was acquired by Reliance in 1993. Today, MetalCenter is widely recognized as a leader in aluminum and stainless, whose diverse product range, processing capabilities, and superior quality are unmatched in this segment of the metals industry. View more information about MetalCenter, 
Metals USA, Inc. Metals USA, Inc. is a national network of over 45 metals service centers providing processed carbon steel, stainless steel, aluminum, red metals, and manufactured metal components to a wide range of industries including land and marine transportation, energy, aerospace, defense, appliance manufacturing, furniture, commercial construction, machinery and equipment, and residential remodeling. Metals USA performs such value-added processes as cutting, sawing, punching, shot blasting, surface grinding, and drilling for delivery to customers in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. In early 2013, Metals USA joined the Reliance family of companies as a wholly-owned subsidiary and Reliance’s largest acquisition to date. View Metals USA, Inc. Website, 
Metalweb Limited Metalweb Limited, established in 2001, provides comprehensive metals services to hi-tech industries, carrying out four key roles in the supply chain that help its customers perform more cost-effectively: holding stock; carrying out first stage processing; having no minimum quantity; and maintaining traceability. Metalweb– headquartered in Birmingham, with additional locations in London, Manchester, and Oxford, England – stocks one of the largest ranges of aluminum products in all alloys, including plate, sheet, bar, tube and other extruded products. Fully-trained technicians operate specialist plate saws, bar saws, a large bed waterjet cutter, and other precision processing equipment. Metalweb became a part of Reliance’s family of companies in 2007. View Metalweb Limited Website, 
Pacific Metal Company Since 1876, with a firm belief that solid relationships and a strong commitment to quality and service are the backbone of good business, Pacific Metal Company has always put customers first. Headquartered in Tualatin, Oregon, with five additional locations in Seattle and Spokane, Washington; Boise, Idaho; Eugene, Oregon; and Billings, Montana, Pacific Metal serves the west, from Alaska to California’s Sacramento Valley to the eastern plains of Montana and Wyoming. From a diverse standard stock list to customer-specific inventories, customized just-in-time programs, and pre-production processing, Pacific Metal has worked hard to form mutually profitable business partnerships with all of its customers. Pacific Metal became part of the Reliance family in 2002. Its 135+ year history continues to be one of growth and adaptation to changing customer needs. View Pacific Metal Company Website, 
PDM Steel Service Centers, Inc. PDM Steel Service Centers, Inc. began in 1954 with four service centers – in Fresno, Sacramento, San Jose, and Stockton, California – providing outstanding metal processing and delivery throughout Central and Northern California. By improving existing centers, building new ones, and continuing to expand into new areas, the company grew to nine locations with corporate headquarters in Stockton, California. PDM now serves the Southwest desert region of the United States into southwestern Canada and Alaska. Every PDM location has shears, automatic saws, and shape burning equipment, and its own modern fleet of trucks. Some centers also offer plasma cutting, computer aided design, and CNC. PDM’s range of services and reputation for excellent customer service made it a good fit for Reliance, who acquired PDM in 2001. View PDM Steel Service Centers, Inc. Website, 
Precision Flamecutting and Steel, Inc. In business since 1975 and acquired by Reliance in 2008, Precision Flamecutting and Steel, Inc. is an industry leader in flame cutting and plasma cutting carbon plate, alloy plate, and HSLA steel plate – so much so that competitors recommend Precision Flamecutting for especially difficult jobs. Beveling, machining, rolling, forming (including concentric and eccentric cones), heat treating, sandblasting, coating, grinding, and other miscellaneous machining and fabricating services are also offered. Precision Flamecutting’s commitment to its customers is to provide parts for their purchase requirements, on time and according to industry specifications. Precision Flamecutting’s sales, drafting and shop personnel are on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year to serve customers in any and every situation. View Precision Flamecutting and Steel, Inc. Website, 
Precision Strip, Inc. Precision Strip, Inc. was founded in 1977 by five partners operating a used slitting line in Minster, Ohio. It is now one of the world's leading processors of rolled steel, aluminum, and copper, with almost 1,200 associates, and 12 facilities – located throughout Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Alabama, and Michigan. By providing one of the most diverse arrays of services in the industry, continually improving technologically, and partnering with customers, Precision Strip has earned a reputation for being the world’s premier toll processor. A fleet of approximately 225 tractor-trailers provides just-in-time delivery and ensures seamless service – from storage to processing to delivery – to the automotive, appliance, industrial products, and beverage can industries. Precision Strip has been a part of the Reliance family since 2003. View Precision Strip, Inc. Website, 
Reliance Metalcenter Reliance’s seven Metalcenter divisions are strategically located in Colorado Springs, CO; Arlington (Dallas-Ft. Worth) and San Antonio, TX; National City (San Diego) and Union City (Northern California), CA; Phoenix, AZ; and Salt Lake City, UT. Each independently-operating service center has an established reputation for satisfying customer demand for a wide range of metals products and value-added processing using state-of-the art equipment and shipped for just-in-time delivery. Metalcenters cater to diverse customers including general fabricators, truck trailer manufacturers, precision sheet metal shops, kitchen equipment and structural steel fabricators, sports equipment manufacturers, and the telecommunications, energy, computer chip-making, and aerospace industries. All Metalcenters strive for the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality, drawing on Reliance’s resources to invest in their operations and improve services as their local markets dictate.   View Reliance Metalcenter Locations, 
Reliance Steel Company Reliance Steel Company is New Mexico's largest full-line carbon steel processor and distributor, supplying value-added metals products to customers throughout New Mexico, Southern Colorado and El Paso, Texas. This Reliance division is renowned for its quality "first step" processing capabilities. Reliance Steel Company – Los Angeles still operates on the plot of land purchased in 1952 that was shared with Reliance headquarters, until the corporate office moved to Downtown Los Angeles. Reliance Steel Company now operates from a 275,000 square-foot facility with the capability to process value-added carbon steel products for a diverse customer base throughout Southern California. Reliance Steel Company – Los Angeles prides itself on quality, service and a dedication to serving its customers' needs. View Reliance Steel Company Locations, 
Siskin Steel & Supply Co., Inc. In 1900, Robert Siskin and a friend opened a scrap metal business with $6.00 and a rented lot in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Over the course of a century the business has grown to eight locations across Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky and South Carolina, serving most of the southeastern United States. Two partners have increased to hundreds of skilled employees, and the product line has grown beyond standard warehouse carbon steel, stainless, aluminum and other non-ferrous metals to specialty and hard-to-find items. In 1996, Siskin was acquired by Reliance. Subsequent Reliance acquisitions – Georgia Steel Supply Co., East Tennessee Steel Supply Co., Industrial Metal & Surplus, Inc., and Athens Steel, Inc. – were integrated into the Siskin Steel group. View Siskin Steel & Supply Co., Inc. Website, 
Toma Metals, Inc. Toma Metals, Inc. is a diversified metals processor and distributor based in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, and is specifically recognized as a leader in the stainless steel market. Founded in 1986, Toma’s strong relationships with suppliers ensure a steady flow of both prime and secondary products, which uniquely positions Toma to reach virtually any market. Toma’s success led to its becoming a part of the Reliance brand in 2000. Toma’s industry expertise, superior facilities, and quality service, and dedication to customers have enabled it to become one of the largest stainless steel distributors in the country. View Toma Metals, Inc. Website, 
Valex Corp. Valex Corp. started in 1976 and became part of the Reliance family in 1986. Headquartered in Ventura, California, Valex is the world's leading manufacturer and distributor of ultra-high purity (UHP) products used in gas delivery systems. Its products have been long established as components of choice by semiconductor producers and manufacturers of semiconductor equipment. Ongoing research and development, as well as plant improvements, continually enhance its position as a market leader. Valex Corp. products have acquired a distinguished worldwide reputation by fulfilling customers' requirements for excellent reliability and quality. Valex has two additional locations near Seoul, South Korea and Shanghai, People’s Republic of China. View Valex Corp. Website, 
Yarde Metals, Inc. Yarde Metals, Inc. was founded in 1976 in Bristol, Connecticut. Over the years this family company grew to 10 service centers along the East Coast and into the Midwest, serving markets across the United States, Europe and Asia. In 2003, headquarters moved to a completely renovated state-of-the-art 500,000 square-foot facility in Southington, Connecticut. The company joined the Reliance family in 2006 and specializes in aluminum, stainless, carbon steel, brass and copper in a wide range of standard, unique and hard-to-find sizes. It also offers a variety of modern processing services and ensures quick turnarounds and fast deliveries. Yarde’s customers are supported by a team of 600 highly motivated associates. View Yarde Metals, Inc. Website, 
  Affiliated Metals Affiliated Metals, a member of the Bralco Metals group, is a diversified metals processor and distributor located in Salt Lake City, Utah serving the Intermountain region. Operating in a state-of-the-art 80,000 square-foot facility which maintains various high-tech processing equipment, Affiliated Metals offers an array of aluminum, stainless, brass, copper, bronze, and other specialty metals to fabricators and manufacturers. Affiliated’s size and processing capabilities allow it to not only meet but exceed the requirements of exacting customers, leading to repeat business and longstanding relationships. View Affiliated Metals Website, 
  Encore Metals With locations in Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, and Winnipeg, Encore Metals – supplies specialist high grade steel and metals. These include carbon and alloy steels, stainless steels, nickel alloys, iron bar, aluminum and bronze. Encore’s processing capabilities include bar sawing, trepanning, stainless plate profiling and plate sawing. With roots dating back to 1892, Encore Metals has not only seen but been a major player in the growth and development of the metals service center industry in Canada. The company strives to live by its mission statement to “provide superior service and the highest quality products to our customers while maintaining a safe work environment for all employees, contractors, and visitors.”  Encore Metals joined the Reliance family of companies in 2007. View Encore Metals Website, 
Team Tube Team Tube  specializes in mechanical steel tubing – including microhoned ID tubing – specifically designed to serve hydraulic and general machine shops. Since 1977, Team Tube’s inventories have grown to include chrome-moly alloy tubing, chrome plated bars, ductile iron bars, Zincaloy tubing and bar, and much more. Customers have also increased to include the original equipment manufacturers (OEM) industry. Team Tube services Canada wide from its 5 locations in Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, Toronto and Montreal.   Team Tube has been a member of the Reliance family since 2007. View Team Tube Website, 
Fox Metals and Alloys, Inc. Started in Houston in 1985, Fox Metals & Alloys specializes in alloy, carbon, and stainless steel bar and plate products. Its processing capabilities include saw cutting, plate burning, and testing. Fox supplies OEMs and machine shops that support the oil and gas and petrochemical industries, in which timeliness is critical. The company prides itself on its customer-centered practices: understanding each customer’s unique needs and delivering efficient and cost-effective solutions. With its fleet of eight delivery trucks, its strong reputation for delivering custom products and solutions, and unparalleled quality and customer service, Fox a trusted supplier serving serve Texas, Oklahoma, and Louisiana. Fox Metals joined the Reliance Family of Companies in December 2014. Visit Fox Metals and Alloys, Inc. Website, 
      Tubular Steel, Inc. Tubular Steel, Inc. (TSI) was founded in 1953 in St. Louis, Missouri. Over the years, TSI has grown its business in terms of products, services, locations, and employees. Today, the company consists of seven service centers across the United States, which stock over 60,000 tons and ship over 2 million custom-cut lengths of pipe, tubing, and bar products annually. In addition to being a leading distributor and processor of carbon, alloy, and stainless steel products, TSI and its team of over 350 employees is dedicated to helping their customers achieve savings through their innovative solutions. The company, along with its subsidiary, Metalcraft Enterprises, Inc., was acquired by Reliance in January 2016. View Tubular Steel, Inc. Website, 
http://www.rsac.com/index.php/page/view/executive-management