
Investors,  AAR Reporting,  Analyst Coverage & Consensus,  Stock Information,  Quarterly Earnings Materials,  Annual Materials,  SEC Filings,  Social Media Disclosure, 
INSTAGRAM FEED,  officialcsx Mondays are for two things: strong coffee & makin' big moves.#MondayMotivation       FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
LINKEDIN FEED,  CSX In it for the long haul? Intermodal may be the right choice to keep your goods moving on time and on budget. Here’s why: http://bit.ly/298eZCP   FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN
	1Michael J. Ward	,  	2Chairman	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Mr. Ward is chairman and chief executive officer and a 39-year company veteran. Under his leadership, the company continues to achieve record safety performance while supporting customer growth and posting strong financial results for shareholders. He was named president of CSX Transportation in 2000, elected to the Board of Directors in 2002, and appointed chairman and chief executive officer in January 2003. Mr. Ward has held executive positions in nearly all aspects of the company’s business, including sales and marketing, operations and finance.
	1Clarence W. Gooden	,  	2President	,  Mr. Gooden was appointed president in September 2015 with responsibility for sales and marketing and operations. Previously, he was executive vice president and chief sales and marketing officer. A 40-year veteran of both sales and marketing and operations, Mr. Gooden has headed the intermodal, merchandise and energy markets teams, and also served as vice president-network operations among other operations leadership roles.
	1Fredrik J. Eliasson	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Sales and Marketing Officer	​,  Mr. Eliasson was named executive vice president and chief sales and marketing officer in September 2015. He leads activities responsible for serving customers and growing rail-served markets, forecasting business trends, and developing strategic plans for revenue growth. He was previously executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to rejoining finance, Mr. Eliasson led the chemicals and fertilizer group, and emerging markets.
	1Ellen M. Fitzsimmons	,  	2Executive Vice President	 of Law and Public Affairs, 	2General Counsel and Corporate Secretary	,  Ms. Fitzsimmons, who was named executive vice president in 2012, directs the company’s legal affairs and activities related to security, risk management, strategic infrastructure, environmental responsibility, audit, government relations, corporate communications and community relations. She joined CSX in 1991 and was named corporate general counsel in 1997. In 2001, she became senior vice president-law and general counsel, and in 2003, senior vice president-law and public affairs, general counsel and corporate secretary.
	1Frank A. Lonegro	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  Mr. Lonegro was appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer in September 2015. He directs all financial aspects of the company’s business, including financial and economic analysis, strategic planning, enterprise risk management and insurance, as well as accounting, tax, treasury and investor relations activities. In his more than 15 years with CSX, Mr. Lonegro has served in leadership roles that included technology, mechanical and internal audit.
	1Cindy Sanborn	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	,  Ms. Sanborn was appointed executive vice president and chief operating officer in September 2015, following her appointment as executive vice president-operations in February of the same year. She brings more than 25 years of operations experience and is responsible for all transportation, mechanical and engineering functions that combine to deliver safe, reliable and cost effective service. She was named vice president and chief transportation officer in 2009, after having held various operations leadership roles.
	1Cressie D. Brown	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Administrative Officer	,  Ms. Brown, who was named senior vice president and chief administrative officer in 2016, is responsible for human resources, employee compensation and benefits, labor relations, real estate, facilities and aviation. She previously served as vice president-labor relations, and before that, vice president-service design and advanced technology. She joined the company in 1988, and has significant experience in technology, finance and customer service.
	1Kathleen Brandt	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	,  Ms. Brandt was named senior vice president and chief information officer in 2016. She directs the information technology to support the company’s strategic objectives and leads the development and application of the tools and information to maximize safety, service excellence, and efficiency. She previously served as president, CSX Technology. Ms. Brandt joined CSX in 1985, and has made significant contributions to organizational strategy and capital planning.
	1Carolyn T. Sizemore	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Controller	,  Ms. Sizemore has served as vice president and controller since 2002. She is responsible for financial and regulatory reporting, freight billing and collections, payroll for the company’s 29,000 employees, accounts payable and various other accounting responsibilities. During her tenure with CSX that began in 1989, Ms. Sizemore has served in accounting, financial strategies, budgets and performance analysis roles.
	1Mike Pendergrass	,  	2Vice President	 and 	2Chief Transportation Officer	,  Mr. Pendergrass, a veteran of 37 years in the rail industry, was appointed vice president and chief transportation officer in February 2015. He directs the daily operation of more than 1,200 trains over CSX’s eastern U.S. and Canadian network. Mr. Pendergrass was most recently vice president-transportation South. He joined the company in 1989 after more than a decade of service with Southern Pacific Transportation Company.
	1Richard Hood	,  	2President	, CSX Real Property Inc.,  Mr. Hood was named president, CSX Real Property, in 2014 after 10 years as assistant vice president-business unit services. He oversees real estate activities, including the sales, leasing and development of surplus property, acquisition of property for industrial development, and licensing of rail corridor and pipeline usage as it relates to CSX’s properties. Mr. Hood joined CSX predecessor company Chessie System in Baltimore in 1980.
	1Peter J. Shudtz	,  	2Vice President	-	3Federal Regulation	 and 	2General Counsel	,  Mr. Shudtz leads all activities related to regulatory matters and associated legal issues. He joined the CSX predecessor company Chessie System in 1976 in Baltimore, and later worked in Cleveland and Richmond, Va. He was named general counsel in 1990, and vice president-law and general counsel in 1997 in Richmond. A former Interstate Commerce Commission attorney, Mr. Shudtz has led regulatory affairs and served as Washington counsel since 2001.Company Store,  Contact Us,  Mobile Site, 
www.csx.com/index.cfm/about-csx/csx-leadership/management-team
