
Products,  By Product Category Artificial Urinary Sphincter Access Device: Dilatation Access Device: Sheath Accessories Balloons: Dilation and Extraction Band Ligator Baskets View All Resources & Support Customer Support Product Details Scan App Reimbursement By Medical Specialty Electrophysiology Products,  Female Pelvic Medicine Products,  Gastroenterology Products,  Gynecology Products,  Interventional Cardiology Products,  Interventional Radiology Products,  Neurological Surgery Products,  Orthopedic Surgery Products,  Pain Medicine Products,  Pulmonology Products,  Urology Products,  Vascular Surgery Products,  Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App
Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App, 
Products,  By Product Category Artificial Urinary Sphincter Access Device: Dilatation Access Device: Sheath Accessories Balloons: Dilation and Extraction Band Ligator Baskets Products,  Resources & Support Customer Support Product Details Scan App Reimbursement By Medical Specialty Electrophysiology Products,  Female Pelvic Medicine Products,  Gastroenterology Products,  Gynecology Products,  Interventional Cardiology Products,  Interventional Radiology Products,  Neurological Surgery Products,  Orthopedic Surgery Products,  Pain Medicine Products,  Pulmonology Products,  Urology Products,  Vascular Surgery Products,  Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App
Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App, 
Professionals Medical Specialties Electrophysiology Female Pelvic Medicine Gastroenterology Gynecology Interventional Cardiology Interventional Radiology Neurological Surgery Orthopedic Surgery Pain Medicine Pulmonology Urology Vascular Surgery Professional Resources Education Reimbursement Investigator-Sponsored Research Program Customer Support Customer Support Contact Us By Email Elevate Your Education Explore Educare, our globally recognized education program Learn More Patients Breathing & Lungs Asthma Cancer Colon Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Digestive & Nutrition Enteral Feeding Heart Arrhythmias / Abnormal Heartbeat Atrial Arrhythmias Atrial Fibrillation Bradycardia Long QT Syndrome Ventricular Arrhythmias Heart & Blood Vessels Cardiomyopathy Congenital Heart Disease Coronary Artery Disease Deep Vein Thrombosis Heart Attack Heart Failure Peripheral Artery Disease Sudden Cardiac Arrest Kidneys Kidney Stones Men's Health Bladder Leakage Enlarged Prostate Erectile Dysfunction Pain Management Chronic Pain Women's Health Heavy Menstrual Bleeding Stress Urinary Incontinence Uterine Fibroids and Polyps Patient Support Patient and Caregiver Support We're Here to Help Our customer support team is happy to answer your questions Get in Touch Products By Product Category Artificial Urinary Sphincter Access Device: Dilatation Access Device: Sheath Accessories Balloons: Dilation and Extraction Band Ligator Baskets Products Resources & Support Customer Support Product Details Scan App Reimbursement By Medical Specialty Electrophysiology Products Female Pelvic Medicine Products Gastroenterology Products Gynecology Products Interventional Cardiology Products Interventional Radiology Products Neurological Surgery Products Orthopedic Surgery Products Pain Medicine Products Pulmonology Products Urology Products Vascular Surgery Products Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App About About Who We Are Businesses Leadership Locations History Citizenship Corporate Citizenship Community Involvement Sustainability Giving Compliance & Ethics Policy & Advocacy Careers Careers Working Here Explore Careers Students Community Involvement Fueling the next generation of life science professionals Boston Scientific and STEM USA, 
News Careers Investors USA Professionals Medical Specialties Electrophysiology Female Pelvic Medicine Gastroenterology Gynecology Interventional Cardiology Interventional Radiology Neurological Surgery Orthopedic Surgery Pain Medicine Pulmonology Urology Vascular Surgery Professional Resources Education Reimbursement Investigator-Sponsored Research Program Customer Support Customer Support Contact Us By Email Elevate Your Education Explore Educare, our globally recognized education program Learn More Patients Breathing & Lungs Asthma Cancer Colon Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Digestive & Nutrition Enteral Feeding Heart Arrhythmias / Abnormal Heartbeat Atrial Arrhythmias Atrial Fibrillation Bradycardia Long QT Syndrome Ventricular Arrhythmias Heart & Blood Vessels Cardiomyopathy Congenital Heart Disease Coronary Artery Disease Deep Vein Thrombosis Heart Attack Heart Failure Peripheral Artery Disease Sudden Cardiac Arrest Kidneys Kidney Stones Men's Health Bladder Leakage Enlarged Prostate Erectile Dysfunction Pain Management Chronic Pain Women's Health Heavy Menstrual Bleeding Stress Urinary Incontinence Uterine Fibroids and Polyps Patient Support Patient and Caregiver Support We're Here to Help Our customer support team is happy to answer your questions Get in Touch Products By Product Category Artificial Urinary Sphincter Access Device: Dilatation Access Device: Sheath Accessories Balloons: Dilation and Extraction Band Ligator Baskets View All Resources & Support Customer Support Product Details Scan App Reimbursement By Medical Specialty Electrophysiology Products Female Pelvic Medicine Products Gastroenterology Products Gynecology Products Interventional Cardiology Products Interventional Radiology Products Neurological Surgery Products Orthopedic Surgery Products Pain Medicine Products Pulmonology Products Urology Products Vascular Surgery Products Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App About About Who We Are Businesses Leadership Locations History Citizenship Corporate Citizenship Community Involvement Sustainability Giving Compliance & Ethics Policy & Advocacy Careers Careers Working Here Explore Careers Students Community Involvement Fueling the next generation of life science professionals Boston Scientific and STEM Sign up for emails Professionals Medical Specialties Reimbursement Education Products Products Customer Support Patients Health Conditions About Corporate Citizenship Careers Change Country USA Professionals Medical Specialties Electrophysiology Female Pelvic Medicine Gastroenterology Gynecology Interventional Cardiology Interventional Radiology Neurological Surgery Orthopedic Surgery Pain Medicine Pulmonology Urology Vascular Surgery Professional Resources Education Reimbursement Investigator-Sponsored Research Program Customer Support Customer Support Contact Us By Email Elevate Your Education Explore Educare, our globally recognized education program Learn More Patients Breathing & Lungs Asthma Cancer Colon Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Digestive & Nutrition Enteral Feeding Heart Arrhythmias / Abnormal Heartbeat Atrial Arrhythmias Atrial Fibrillation Bradycardia Long QT Syndrome Ventricular Arrhythmias Heart & Blood Vessels Cardiomyopathy Congenital Heart Disease Coronary Artery Disease Deep Vein Thrombosis Heart Attack Heart Failure Peripheral Artery Disease Sudden Cardiac Arrest Kidneys Kidney Stones Men's Health Bladder Leakage Enlarged Prostate Erectile Dysfunction Pain Management Chronic Pain Women's Health Heavy Menstrual Bleeding Stress Urinary Incontinence Uterine Fibroids and Polyps Patient Support Patient and Caregiver Support We're Here to Help Our customer support team is happy to answer your questions Get in Touch Products By Product Category Artificial Urinary Sphincter Access Device: Dilatation Access Device: Sheath Accessories Balloons: Dilation and Extraction Band Ligator Baskets Products Resources & Support Customer Support Product Details Scan App Reimbursement By Medical Specialty Electrophysiology Products Female Pelvic Medicine Products Gastroenterology Products Gynecology Products Interventional Cardiology Products Interventional Radiology Products Neurological Surgery Products Orthopedic Surgery Products Pain Medicine Products Pulmonology Products Urology Products Vascular Surgery Products Get Product Info Stat Access product information quickly and easily with our mobile app Get the Free App About About Who We Are Businesses Leadership Locations History Citizenship Corporate Citizenship Community Involvement Sustainability Giving Compliance & Ethics Policy & Advocacy Careers Careers Working Here Explore Careers Students Community Involvement Fueling the next generation of life science professionals Boston Scientific and STEM USA Choose your Country or Region USA Australia-NZ Brazil China Europe India Japan Korea Malaysia United States Need Help? Contact Us,  About Who We Are Businesses Leadership Locations History About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top Boston Scientific is dedicated to transforming lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. Boston Scientific is dedicated to transforming lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. Professionals Medical Specialties Reimbursement Education Patients Health Conditions Patient and Caregiver Support Products Products Customer Support About Who We Are Corporate Citizenship Careers ©2016 Boston Scientific Corporation or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Notice Site Map
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders.,  Anchor component is added but not authored,    Executive Committee,  MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, .  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee, . Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee, . Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
	1MICHAEL F. MAHONEY	 	2Chairman	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,   
	1KEVIN BALLINGER	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Interventional Cardiology	,   
	1SUPRATIM BOSE	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA),   
	1DANIEL J. BRENNAN	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,   
	1ART BUTCHER	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, Endoscopy,   
	1WENDY CARRUTHERS	 	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,   
	1KEITH D. DAWKINS	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Global Chief Medical Officer	,   
	1JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, Rhythm Management,   
	1EDWARD MACKEY	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Operations	,   
	1JEFF MIRVISS	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Peripheral Interventions	,   
	1MAULIK NANAVATY	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, Neuromodulation,   
	1MICHAEL P. PHALEN	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, MedSurg,   
	1DAVID A. PIERCE	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Urology and Pelvic Health	,   
	1TIMOTHY A. PRATT	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Chief Administrative Officer	, 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Secretary	,   
	1BRAD SORENSON	 	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Manufacturing and Supply Chain	,   
	1ERIC THÉPAUT	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, Europe,   
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors,  NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors,  at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors,  for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors,  for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors,  and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors,  of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
NELDA J. CONNORS,   
CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF,   
YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI,   
DONNA A. JAMES,   
KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.,   
EDWARD J. LUDWIG,   
STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN,   
MICHAEL F. MAHONEY,   
DAVID ROUX,   
JOHN E. SUNUNU,   
ELLEN M. ZANE,   
 ,  Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael F. Mahoney,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions.,  Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011.,  From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business.,  He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University., 
 ,  Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology
Kevin Ballinger,  Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology, 
Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders.,  Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents.,  Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota., 
 ,  Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)
Supratim Bose,  Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA), 
Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa.,  Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific., 
Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India.,  Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member. , 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Daniel J. Brennan,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development.,  Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes., 
Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division.,  Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation.,  Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
Arthur Butcher,  Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy, 
Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions.,  Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions.,  Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University., 
 ,  Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Wendy Carruthers,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources, 
Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations.,  Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people.,  Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris., 
Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer.,  A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer
Keith D. Dawkins, M.D.,  Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer, 
Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies.,  Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group., 
Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics.,  Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management
Joseph M. Fitzgerald,  Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management, 
Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.,  Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business., 
 ,   ,  Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations
 ,  Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations
Edward Mackey,  Executive Vice President, Operations, 
Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing.,  Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes.,  Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007.,  Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts., 
Jeff Mirviss,  Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions, 
Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer.,  Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific.,  In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies.,  A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas. , 
 ,  Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation
Maulik Nanavaty,  Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation, 
Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain.,  Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency., 
Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan.,  Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.,  Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg
Michael P. Phalen,  Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg, 
Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America.,  Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy., 
Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division.,  Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health
David A. Pierce,  Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health, 
Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases.,  Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility.,  Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army.,  Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University., 
 ,  Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary
Timothy A. Pratt,  Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security.,  Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee., 
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More,        Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More,      Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More,        Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More,        Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More,        Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More,        David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States.,  See More,        Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain
Brad Sorenson,  Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain, 
Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products.,  Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge.,  Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota., 
 ,  Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe
Eric Thépaut,  Senior Vice President and President, Europe, 
Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe.,  Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer.,  Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.  ,  Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University., 
 ,  Nelda J. Connors
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.,        Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Charles J. Dockendorff
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.,        Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Yoshiaki Fujimori
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.,        Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Donna A. James
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.,        Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D.
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.,        Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Edward J. Ludwig
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.,        Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Stephen P. MacMillan
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.,        Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  Michael F. Mahoney
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.,        Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.,      David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  David J. Roux
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top 500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.,        John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.     Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. Top
 ,  John E. Sununu
About Leadership Leadership A A Resize Print   Working in healthcare isn’t just a job. It’s a calling—to develop solutions that transform patients’ lives and help healthcare professionals provide the best care. Meet the team that inspires our employees to fulfill that purpose and ensures high performance for our shareholders. Anchor component is added but not authored   Executive Committee MICHAEL F. MAHONEY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   KEVIN BALLINGER Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology   SUPRATIM BOSE Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)   DANIEL J. BRENNAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   ART BUTCHER Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy   WENDY CARRUTHERS Senior Vice President, Human Resources   KEITH D. DAWKINS Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer   JOSEPH M. FITZGERALD Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management   EDWARD MACKEY Executive Vice President, Operations   JEFF MIRVISS Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions   MAULIK NANAVATY Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation   MICHAEL P. PHALEN Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg   DAVID A. PIERCE Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health   TIMOTHY A. PRATT Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary   BRAD SORENSON Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain   ERIC THÉPAUT Senior Vice President and President, Europe   Board of Directors NELDA J. CONNORS   CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF   YOSHIAKI FUJIMORI   DONNA A. JAMES   KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, Ph.D.   EDWARD J. LUDWIG   STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN   MICHAEL F. MAHONEY   DAVID ROUX   JOHN E. SUNUNU   ELLEN M. ZANE         Michael F. Mahoney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.       Kevin Ballinger Senior Vice President and President, Interventional Cardiology Kevin Ballinger is Senior Vice President and Global President, Interventional Cardiology for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions that diagnose and treat coronary artery disease and cardiac valve disorders. Ballinger has more than 17 years of interventional cardiology experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of engineering and general management positions within Boston Scientific’s Interventional Cardiology business unit, including overseeing the development of the company’s first drug-eluting stents. Ballinger earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Tech University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.     Supratim Bose Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) Supratim Bose is Executive Vice President and President, Asia-Pac, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, Supratim oversees the Company’s business and growth opportunities across Asia-Pacific, the world’s fastest growing region, plus the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Boston Scientific in January 2012, Supratim was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Singapore-based Bose Consulting Group, which specialized in strategic management consulting services for the healthcare industry. Previously, he worked for nearly 30 years at Johnson & Johnson, where he concluded his tenure as Company Group Chairman of its Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) business. In this role, he managed Johnson & Johnson’s MD&D companies throughout Asia-Pacific, including Japan, having pioneered its entry in all emerging markets in Asia, including China, India, and Vietnam. During his tenure, he also created the company’s research and development capability in the region and led the development and growth of local talent. Under Supratim’s leadership, the organization partnered closely with key external stakeholders to shape the healthcare environment, and was recognized by external agencies as one of the top companies to work for in Asia-Pacific. Supratim joined Johnson & Johnson Ltd. India in 1981, and held a variety of management positions of increasing responsibility leading up to his appointment as Company Group Chairman of MD&D. He has extensive and proven experience in building markets in this region. Prior to J&J, he served at one of the top growing pharmaceutical start-ups in India. Supratim earned a B.S. in Chemistry/Physics, a M.S. in Biophysics and a Master in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Bombay. He served as a a member of the Board of Directors at Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd and TriReme Medical, and member of the Advisory Board at Singapore Management University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Business. He continues to teach at the Nanyang Business School, Singapore, as a visiting faculty member.  See More       Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel Brennan is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for several Company functions, including Global Controllership, Corporate Finance, Treasury, Corporate Tax, Corporate Analysis and Control, and Corporate New Business Development. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In this role, Brennan was responsible for the Global Controllership organization, including the Company’s accounting and financial planning processes. Brennan joined Boston Scientific in 1996 and has served in a number of financial roles of increasing responsibility, including Assistant Corporate Controller; Vice President-Worldwide Financial & Strategic Planning; Vice President-Investor Relations, Vice President-International Finance and Vice President-Finance & Information Technology for the company’s Cardiovascular Division. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Brennan held several finance positions at Millipore Corporation and Standex Corporation. Brennan is a Certified Public Accountant and earned his B.S. in Finance and Investments and his M.B.A. from Babson College. See More     Arthur Butcher Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Arthur Butcher is Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division for Boston Scientific. In this role, he is responsible for developing and bringing to market less invasive devices for treating gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions. Prior to his current role, Butcher was Vice President & General Manager, Japan Endoscopy Business. Since joining the Company in 1997, he has held a variety of marketing and strategic planning management positions within the Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health divisions. Butcher holds a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.       Wendy Carruthers Senior Vice President, Human Resources Wendy Carruthers is Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Boston Scientific Corporation and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, she provides strategic leadership to the global HR function, including HR operations, total rewards, talent management, diversity and inclusion, and community relations. Prior to her current role, Carruthers served as Vice President of Global Talent Management for Boston Scientific, responsible for all aspects of global talent management including the design, development and implementation of global processes and systems to enable managers to identify, attract and develop people. Carruthers has been with Boston Scientific since 2004 and was previously Vice President of Human Resources for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, based in Paris. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Carruthers was Vice President of Human Resources, Europe for global telecommunications company Cable & Wireless. She also previously worked in human resources for Diageo, a premium drinks business, and Tesco, a U.K. retailer. A native of Great Britain, Carruthers has lived and worked in the U.K., France, Italy, Australia and the United States. She holds a B.A. First Class Honors Degree in Modern Languages and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. She is also on the Board of the Boston Scientific Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors of the Greater Boston Food Bank. See More       Keith D. Dawkins, M.D. Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer Keith Dawkins, M.D., is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Medical Officer for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for enhancing the Company’s global Clinical programs and strategies. Prior to his current role, which he assumed in January 2012, Dr. Dawkins was Chief Medical Officer of Boston Scientific’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular Group. He joined Boston Scientific in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer for the Company’s Cardiovascular (CV) business. While in this role, he led Boston Scientific’s Clinical Integration Project, which brought together its former CV and Cardiac Rhythm Management Clinical organizations under the Company’s CRV Group. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Dr. Dawkins was a practicing interventional cardiologist for more than 20 years in England. He has earned a series of clinical, research and academic distinctions, including a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship at Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. Dr. Dawkins served as President of the British Cardiovascular Intervention Society, and held numerous appointments on hospital, regional and national committees, including the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). He has been an author on more than 450 academic publications and presentations on a variety of cardiac topics. Dr. Dawkins earned a First-Class Honours degree in Pathology at London University and Guy's Hospital. He trained in cardiology at Oxford and at the Brompton & St. George’s Hospital in London. See More       Joseph M. Fitzgerald Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management Joe Fitzgerald is Executive Vice President and President, Rhythm Management for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, Fitzgerald was President of Boston Scientific's Endovascular Unit, which included the Company's Peripheral Interventions, Electrophysiology, Neurovascular and IVUS businesses. Previously, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Boston Scientific, including President of our Electrophysiology business and Vice President of Global Marketing and U.S. Sales for the Company's Neurovascular business.         Edward Mackey Executive Vice President, Operations Edward Mackey is Executive Vice President, Operations for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for Global Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory, Information Services, Global Business Services, Global Business Excellence, Corporate Research and Development and Corporate Strategy and Marketing. Ed is a seasoned executive with a track record of delivering strong results, leading large teams and developing innovative strategies. Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2015, Ed was Worldwide President of DePuy Synthes Power Tools, a division of Johnson & Johnson, after having served as Vice President of Integration for Johnson & Johnson’s acquisition of Synthes. Early in his career, Ed held management positions in Operations, Quality and Product Development at Raytheon’s Missile Systems division. In 1995, he moved to Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics as a plant manager and progressed through a series of manufacturing and supply chain leadership roles, becoming Worldwide Vice President of Supply Chain and Manufacturing for DePuy in 2007. Mr. Mackey holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts.         Jeff Mirviss Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions Jeff Mirviss is Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In that capacity he is responsible for developing and bringing to market innovative solutions for treating patients with high blood pressure, vascular system blockages and cancer. Mirviss has more than 23 years of experience in medical device and pharmaceutical general management, marketing and sales. He has held positions of increasing responsibility since 1997 at Boston Scientific. In addition to his roles at Boston Scientific, Mirviss has worked for companies ranging in size from a pre-revenue venture-backed medical device startup to Dow 30 companies. A resident of Plymouth, Minnesota, Mirviss holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.        Maulik Nanavaty Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Maulik Nanavaty is Senior Vice President and President, Neuromodulation Division for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the innovation leader in less-invasive microelectronic implantable technologies used to treat chronic neuropathic pain. Prior to his current role, Nanavaty was President, Representative Director of Boston Scientific Japan. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Interventional Cardiology business in Japan. During his tenure, Nanavaty managed the successful expansion of Cardiology business in that country. He joined Boston Scientific in 2005 as Vice President for Corporate Strategy for Japan, where he led business transformation and increased operational efficiency. Prior to joining Boston Scientific, Nanavaty spent 16 years working in various executive positions at Baxter International, Inc., and Baxter Japan. Nanavaty earned a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Illinois and a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nanavaty is a member of the Board of Directors for the California Health Institute (CHI). CHI is an independent 501(c)(6) organization devoted to researching and advocating policy to forward the interests of California's biomedical community. See More       Michael P. Phalen Executive Vice President and President, MedSurg Michael Phalen is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgery (MedSurg) for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he plans and executes Boston Scientific’s growth strategies for the Company’s Endoscopy, Urology/Women’s Health and Neuromodulation businesses. Phalen also oversees Boston Scientific operations in Canada and Latin America. Prior to assuming his current position in January 2012, Phalen was President of Boston Scientific International. He was responsible for planning and executing Boston Scientific’s international growth strategy. Phalen joined Boston Scientific in 1988 and held various management positions of increasing responsibilities including Territory Manager, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Group Product Manager, Director of Marketing, Vice President of Global Marketing and Senior Vice President and President of the company’s Endoscopy division. Before joining Boston Scientific, Phalen held management positions with MD Technology, Kendall Healthcare and Pennwalt Pharmaceuticals. He earned a B.S. in General Science from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. See More       David A. Pierce Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health Dave Pierce is Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he develops and executes strategies to bring to market industry-leading solutions for treating patients with urological, urogynecological, and gynecological diseases. Prior to his current role, Pierce was Senior Vice President and President, Endoscopy Division, leading the Endoscopy business with a focus on strategic portfolio expansion and global commercial execution. He joined the Company in 1991 as a Territory Manager before assuming various management-level positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining Boston Scientific, Pierce worked as a Senior Sales Representative for Airborne Express and served as a Captain in the United States Army. Pierce earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Norwich University and an M.B.A. from Boston University.       Timothy A. Pratt Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Tim Pratt is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee.  In this role, he is responsible for worldwide management of Boston Scientific’s Legal functions, Global Compliance, Government Affairs, Aviation, and Global Security. Mr. Pratt served as President and Chairman of the Federation of Defense & Corporate Counsel (FDCC).  He also serves as a Director on the Boards of Lawyers for Civil Justice (LCJ), DRI - The Voice of the Defense Bar, and the New England Legal Foundation (NELF).  Mr. Pratt is a past member of the Board of Directors for the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) and also served on their Executive Committee. Mr. Pratt earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Tarkio College and graduated Order of the Coif from Drake University Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the Drake Law Review.  Prior to joining Boston Scientific in 2008, Mr. Pratt was a partner and trial attorney with the law firm of Shook, Hardy & Bacon.  While there, he was named a Leading National Products Liability Lawyer by Chambers USA, one of the Top,  500 Litigators in America by Lawdragon, and one of the Best Lawyers in America.  In October of 2013, he was recognized by The Legal 500 and named to the "Corporate Counsel 100" list, which identifies the top most powerful corporate legal advisers in the United States. See More       Brad Sorenson Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Brad Sorenson is Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. In this role, he is responsible for the global manufacturing and distribution of Boston Scientific’s products. Sorenson has more than 16 years of medical device manufacturing experience. Prior to his current role, he held a variety of Operations positions at Boston Scientific, supporting the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Neuromodulation, Interventional Cardiology, Peripheral Interventions and Structural Heart businesses. Before joining Boston Scientific, he was President and COO of QRS Diagnostic and held manufacturing management positions at Federal Cartridge. Sorenson earned a B.A. in Economics from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.       Eric Thépaut Senior Vice President and President, Europe Eric Thépaut is Senior Vice President and President, Europe for Boston Scientific and a member of its Executive Committee. Based at the regional headquarters in Paris, he is responsible for Boston Scientific’s businesses in Europe. Prior to his current role, Thépaut was Vice President Interventional Cardiology & Structural Heart, Europe, since 2012. He joined Boston Scientific Europe, in 1996, as a business finance manager and earned roles of increasing responsibility in Marketing and Finance, becoming Vice President, Finance, Europe, in 2002. Eric was next promoted to General Manager and Vice President, France, and then the France Group, comprised of France, Benelux and Middle East North Africa. Before coming to Boston Scientific, Eric held management positions in treasury operations and auditing at Nestlé and financial planning & analysis at Apple Computer. Thépaut has driven innovation in high technology businesses throughout his career, leading organizational transformation initiatives and development programs as well as creating new selling models.   Eric earned his MBA at Paris Dauphine University.       Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors has been a director of Boston Scientific since December 2009. Ms. Connors is the founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, which invests in companies that offer original equipment, manufactured and remanufactured products, and aftermarket services. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011. Atkore, formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, became a privately-held company in December 2010. Ms. Connors served as President of this Tyco division from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Tyco, she served as Vice President at Eaton Corporation from 2002 to 2008 where she held several positions in operations, continuous improvement, and general management. Prior to joining Eaton, Ms. Connors was employed in a number of executive and management capacities in the automotive industry. Her work over twenty-five years has involved responsibilities in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Ms. Connors is a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, a director of Claror, Inc., Vesuvius plc and EchoGlobal Logistics, Inc., and an appointed member for the Takata Independent Quality Assurance Panel. She previously served on the board of directors of Atkore and Blount International. Ms. Connors holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton.       Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc, a publicly traded medical device and supplies company, a position he held at Covidien and its predecessor, Tyco Healthcare, from 1995 to 2015. Mr. Dockendorff joined the Kendall Healthcare Products Company, the foundation of the Tyco Healthcare business, in 1989 as Controller and was named Vice President and Controller in 1994. He was appointed CFO of Tyco Healthcare in 1995. Prior to joining Kendall/Tyco Healthcare, Mr. Dockendorff was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. In addition, Mr. Dockendorff worked as an accountant for Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young) and the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Dockendorff is a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Keysight Technologies, Inc. Mr. Dockendorff holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and a M.S. in finance from Bentley College.       Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2016. He is currently an adviser to the LIXIL Group Corporation, a position he has held since June 2016, and was the President and CEO of the LIXIL Group Corporation from August 2011 to June 2016. Prior to joining LIXIL, he was Chairman, President and CEO of GE Japan from January 2008 to June 2011. In his 25 years at GE, beginning in October 1986, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and CEO of a number of Asian and global business divisions including Medical Systems, Plastics, and Capital. During his time at GE, Mr. Fujimori also served as a member of the Corporate Executive Council from 2001 to 2010. Mr. Fujimori started his career at Japanese trading company, Nissho Iwai Corporation (now Sojitz), where he worked from April 1975 to September 1986. Mr. Fujimori currently serves as an External Director of Tokyo Electric Power Company, a role he has held since June 2012 and External Director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a role he has held since June 2016. Also, from June 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Fujimori served as Chairman of the Japan Construction Material & Housing Equipment Industries Federation. Mr. Fujimori received a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tokyo and his master’s degree from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a lifetime member of the Board of Trustees.       Donna A. James Donna A. James has been a director of Boston Scientific since July 2015. She is the founder of Lardon & Associates LLC, a business development and executive advisory services firm, where she has served as president and managing director since April 2006. Ms. James has more than 30 years of diverse management and leadership experience, including her experience at Nationwide Insurance and Financial Services, where she served in a variety of roles beginning in 1981. In her time at Nationwide, she served in several leadership roles, including serving as president of Nationwide Strategic Investments, a division of Nationwide Insurance Company, from 2003 to 2006 at which time she had direct responsibility for developing and executing strategies for U.S. and global financial services subsidiaries and affiliates. Ms. James also is the founder and chair of The Center for Healthy Families, a non-profit in Columbus, Ohio, and the former president and appointed chair of the National Women’s Business Council. Ms. James currently serves as a director of Time Warner Cable Inc., L Brands, Inc., and Marathon Petroleum Inc., as well as FIS Group, a privately-held asset management and investment advisory firm. She received her B.S. in Accounting from North Carolina A&T State University.       Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. Kristina M. Johnson, Ph.D. has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2011. She previously served as a director from April 2006 to May 2009. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, an independent power producer of clean energy, since 2014, and of Enduring Hydro, LLC, an energy consulting firm, since 2011. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of AES Corporation since 2011 and Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012. Dr. Johnson was a Fulbright Faculty Scholar in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, a NATO Post-Doctoral Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, and a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 2015, Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame and holds 119 U.S. and international patents in liquid crystal displays and optoelectronics. Dr. Johnson received B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.       Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig has been a director of Boston Scientific since March 2014. Mr. Ludwig is the former Chairman of the Board of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BDX”), a global medical technology company, having served in that position from February 2002 through June 2012. He also served as BDX’s Chief Executive Officer from January 2000 to September 2011 and as its President from May 1999 to December 2008. Mr. Ludwig joined BDX as a Senior Financial Analyst in 1979. Prior to joining BDX, Mr. Ludwig served as a senior auditor with Coopers and Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he earned his CPA and as a financial and strategic analyst at Kidde, Inc. Mr. Ludwig serves as Lead Director on Aetna Inc.’s Board of Directors and chairs its Finance Committee and is a member of the Board of Directors of Xylem, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Ludwig served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hackensack University Medical Center Network from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Ludwig received a B.A. degree in economics and accounting from The College of the Holy Cross and a M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.       Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2015. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., a position he has held since June 2015, and he served as President and CEO of Hologic, Inc., since December 2013. Prior to assuming his role with Hologic, Mr. MacMillan was the Chief Executive Officer of sBioMed, LLC, a medical research company, from October 2012 to December 2013. From 2003 to 2012, Mr. MacMillan served in various roles at Stryker Corporation, including Chief Operating Officer from June 2003 to January 2005, President from June 2003 to February 2012, Chief Executive Officer from January 2005 to February 2012 and Chairman from January 2010 to February 2012. Prior to 2003, Mr. MacMillan was a senior executive with Pharmacia Corporation where he oversaw five global businesses. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Mr. MacMillan spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in a variety of senior roles both in the U.S. and Europe, including President of the joint venture between Johnson & Johnson and Merck. Mr. MacMillan began his career with Procter and Gamble in 1985. Additionally, Mr. MacMillan served on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alere, Inc. from 2013 to 2015. Mr. MacMillan received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Davidson College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program.       Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney became our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and director in May 2016. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2012 to April 2016. He served as President of the Company from October 2011 to October 2012. As President of the Company, he was specifically responsible for our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Endoscopy businesses, as well as certain corporate functions. Prior to joining the Company, he was Worldwide Chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics division of Johnson & Johnson from January 2011 to September 2011 overseeing 50,000 employees and seven franchises. Prior to assuming this position, Mr. Mahoney served as Worldwide Group Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy franchise, an orthopedics and neurosciences business, from April 2007 through January 2011. From January 2001 through March 2007, Mr. Mahoney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a provider of supply chain solutions and services that brings together hospitals, manufacturers, distributors and group purchasing organizations. Mr. Mahoney began his career at General Electric Medical Systems, where he spent 12 years, culminating in the role of General Manager of the Healthcare Information Technology business. He currently serves on the board of directors of Baxter International, Inc. Mr. Mahoney earned a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.     David J. Roux David J. Roux has been a director of Boston Scientific since January 2014. Mr. Roux is a co-founder and Senior Director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing. He was formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Liberate Technologies, Executive Vice President at Oracle Corporation and Senior Vice President at Lotus Development. Mr. Roux served as a member of the boards of directors of Avaya Inc. from December 2008 until December 2012, Avaya Holdings Corp. from January 2007 until December 2012, Serena Software, Inc. from March 2006 until March 2011 and Intelsat S.A. from May 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Roux holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an M. Phil. from King’s College, Cambridge University. He is a graduate of Harvard College.       John E. Sununu John E. Sununu has been a director since April 2009. From 2003 to 2009, Senator Sununu served as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. He was a member of the Committees on Banking, Commerce, Finance and Foreign Relations, and he was appointed the Congressional Representative to the United Nations General Assembly. Before his election to the Senate, Senator Sununu served three terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire’s 1st District from 1996 to 2002. He was Vice Chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Appropriations Committee. During his twelve years in Congress, he drafted and helped pass several important pieces of legislation, including the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Survivors Benefit Act and the New England Wilderness Act. Prior to serving in Congress, Senator Sununu served as Chief Financial Officer for Teletrol Systems, a manufacturer of building control systems. He serves on the board of directors of Time Warner Cable, Inc. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.,      Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane, has been a director of Boston Scientific since April 2016. Ms. Zane is CEO Emeritus and Vice Chair of the board of trustees at Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children, and from 2004 to 2011, she served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From May 1994 to January 2004, Ms. Zane served as Network President for Partners Healthcare System, a physician/hospital network sponsored by the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Prior to 2004, Ms. Zane served as Chief Executive Officer of Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ms. Zane is also currently a member of the board of directors at Brooks Automation, a publicly traded global provider of automation, vacuum and instrumentation solutions, Parexel International Corporation, a publicly traded global bio-pharmaceutical services company and Press Ganey, a publicly traded preeminent provider of patient experience measurement and data in acute hospital settings and ambulatory settings, Century Capital Management, LLC, a private mutual fund company, Fiduciary Trust Company, a privately owned wealth management company and AgNovos Healthcare, LLC a privately held medical device company, focused on bone health. Ms. Zane previously served as a director of Lincare Holdings Inc. until it was acquired in August 2012. Ms. Zane holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Zane earned her B.A. from George Washington University and her M.A. from Catholic University of America, both in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology.,  Top, 
http://www.bostonscientific.com/en-US/about-us/executive-committee.html
