
Executive Officers, 
Digg, 
Robert M. Dutkowsky, Chief Executive Officer
Charles V. Dannewitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Charles V. Dannewitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, joined the Company in February 1995 as Vice President of Taxes. He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Taxes in March 2000, and assumed responsibility for worldwide treasury operations in July 2003. In February 2014, he was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Americas, and in June 2015 he was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Dannewitz was employed by Price Waterhouse from 1981 to 1995, most recently as a tax partner. Mr. Dannewitz is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from Illinois Wesleyan University.
Rich Hume, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
John Tonnison, Executive Vice President, Cloud Computing and Chief Information Officer
Néstor Cano, President, Europe
Joseph H. Quaglia, President, the Americas
Alain Amsellem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe
Alain Amsellem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe, joined the Company in 1994 through Tech Data’s acquisition of French distributor, Softmart International S.A. and served as France Finance Director until 2004. In August 2004, Mr. Amsellem was promoted to Senior Vice President of Southern Europe, and was appointed Senior Vice President - Europe Finance & Operations in 2007. In February 2014, he was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe. Mr. Amsellem is a Chartered Accountant and holds a degree in management and chartered accountancy from Paris Dauphine University.
Beth E. Simonetti, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Jeffrey L. Taylor, Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller
Jeffrey L. (“Jeff”) Taylor, has, served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller at Tech Data since June 2015. In this role, Taylor serves as the company's chief accounting officer, responsible for all global accounting policy, controls and financial reporting. Previously, he served as the company's Vice President and Assistant Corporate Controller, focusing on the optimization of processes, controls, and financial reporting of the company's worldwide finance teams. Prior to rejoining the company in October 2012, Mr. Taylor served in executive financial management with a value-added reseller and previously was employed by Deloitte & Touche ("Deloitte") from 1992 to 2003, most recently as Audit Partner in Russia and including three years in Deloitte's U.S. national office in the Quality Assurance and SEC Services groups. He was previously with Tech Data for four years serving as Vice President of Corporate Accounting. He holds a B.S. in Accounting from San Diego State University.
Joseph B. Trepani, Joseph B. Trepani, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Americas
Joseph B. (“Joe”) Trepani, was appointed Senior Vice President and CFO, the Americas at Tech Data in June 2015. In this role, he is responsible for the company’s finance, accounting and credit functions in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Trepani joined Tech Data in March 1990 as Controller and held the position of Director of Operations from October 1991 through January 1995. In February 1995, he was promoted to Vice President and Worldwide Controller and to Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller in March 1998. Trepani has more than 25 years of financial leadership experience, including prior positions as Audit Manager for Price Waterhouse and Vice President of Finance at Action Staffing. He holds a B.S. in Accounting from Florida State University and is a Certified Public Accountant.
David R. Vetter, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
http://tecd.client.shareholder.com/management.cfm