
General Line Cans, 
ALL ABOUT ReAl, Ball's Revolutionary Lightweight Aluminum Aerosol Technology
An Inclusive Workforce, Ball received a perfect score on the 2016 Corporate Equality Index
Overview , Quick Facts Ball at a glance Leadership Our executive team History / Timeline Key milestones since our founding in 1880
Leadership, Our executive team
Contact Us , General Inquiries Have a question for us? Ball Contacts Need help? Connect with us. Locations Map Where we are around the world
General Inquiries, Have a question for us?
Talent Management, Our Talent Management, practices continue to evolve in support of our Drive for 10 business strategy. Because our more than 15, 000 employees worldwide are instrumental to the success of our organization, we must strategically select, develop, retain and engage our workforce, and provide them with opportunities to thrive.,   Integrated Global Talent Management, Over the last few years, Ball’s Talent Management, programs and processes have evolved in response to the increasingly global scope of our organization, and the need for integrated, unbiased and fully inclusive practices to best support a sustainable workforce.
Leadership Development, During the reporting period, Ball launched Leadership Excellence through Awareness and Practice (LEAP), a global, cross-divisional leadership development program for mid-career leaders. The five-month program provides participants with practical tools that can be put into practice immediately, and allows for continued learning and peer-to-peer discussions regarding real-life situations and application., Succession Management, To best support a sustainable workforce and ensure business continuity through organizational changes, we developed a globally harmonized approach to succession management. These efforts have enabled Ball leadership to place internal talent into key roles. In 2015, for example, an internal candidate was promoted to the role of senior vice president, Ball Corporation, and chief operating officer, Global Metal Food & Household Products Packaging Division.,   Global Human Resource Information System, In 2015, Ball completed the rollout of its Global People System (GPS), which holds all core workforce information. Access to consolidated workforce data affords Ball the opportunity to effectively and accurately report on, analyze and leverage workforce-related information. We continue to assess opportunities to leverage technology in support of workforce initiatives.,   Employee Engagement, An engaged workforce is critical to Ball’s success. Ball launched its first global employee engagement survey in 2012 and subsequently conducted a second survey in 2014, soliciting feedback in areas such as empowerment, leadership, sustainability, diversity and inclusion and customer focus. The 2014 survey showed an increase in participation, with more than 10, 800 employee responses. Employee engagement remains high, and our results demonstrate higher levels of engagement versus manufacturing and aerospace industry benchmarks. The survey also revealed a strong correlation between Ball’s sustainability actions and employee engagement, underlining that sustainability is an important driver for talent attraction and retention, and also contributes to high employee performance.,  , Organizational Transformation, In 2016 and 2017, we will implement significant integration efforts to support the acquisition of several thousand employees. This organizational transformation provides Ball the opportunity to design and implement a combined future-state organizational structure, to prioritize and execute on cultural alignment efforts and to ensure leaders are well equipped to support their teams through significant change.,  
http://www.ball.com/talent-management/