Gregory J. Goff	title	Chairman	Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. (Greg) Goff is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tesoro Logistics LP. Prior to joining Tesoro in 2010, Mr. Goff worked for ConocoPhillips where he held a number of senior leadership positions including Senior Vice President Commercial; President Specialty Business and Business Development; President Lower 48, Gulf of Mexico and South America for Exploration and Production; Presid... 
Gregory J. Goff	title	President	Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. (Greg) Goff is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tesoro Logistics LP. Prior to joining Tesoro in 2010, Mr. Goff worked for ConocoPhillips where he held a number of senior leadership positions including Senior Vice President Commercial; President Specialty Business and Business Development; President Lower 48, Gulf of Mexico and South America for Exploration and Production; Presid... 
Gregory J. Goff	title	Chief Executive Officer	Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. Goff,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  Gregory J. (Greg) Goff is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tesoro Logistics LP. Prior to joining Tesoro in 2010, Mr. Goff worked for ConocoPhillips where he held a number of senior leadership positions including Senior Vice President Commercial; President Specialty Business and Business Development; President Lower 48, Gulf of Mexico and South America for Exploration and Production; Presid... 
Steven Sterin	title	Executive Vice President	Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. Mr. Sterin joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 15 years of financial leadership in the chemicals industry to his role. As CFO, Mr. Sterin guides the Company’s financial strategies and leads more than 650 employees in the following areas: controller, corporate analytics, credit, internal audit, investor relations, taxes, treasury and information technology. Prior to Tesoro, Mr... 
Steven Sterin	title	Chief Financial Officer	Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  Steven Sterin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  for Tesoro Corporation. Mr. Sterin joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 15 years of financial leadership in the chemicals industry to his role. As CFO, Mr. Sterin guides the Company’s financial strategies and leads more than 650 employees in the following areas: controller, corporate analytics, credit, internal audit, investor relations, taxes, treasury and information technology. Prior to Tesoro, Mr... 
Keith Casey	title	Executive Vice President	Keith Casey,  Executive Vice President, Operations,  Keith Casey,  Executive Vice President, Operations,  Keith Casey is Executive Vice President, Operations, , for Tesoro Corporation. As the principal operating officer, Casey oversees Tesoro’s refining, marketing, logistics and marine functions, providing leadership that promotes safe, compliant and profitable strategy execution. Casey joined Tesoro in 2013 as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, bringing significant industry experience to drive strategic growth for the organization. Prior to joining Tesoro, Casey ser... 
Cynthia (CJ) Warner	title	Executive Vice President	Cynthia (CJ) Warner,  Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  Cynthia (CJ) Warner,  Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  Cynthia (CJ) Warner is Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development,  for Tesoro Corporation. Ms. Warner joined Tesoro in 2014, bringing more than 30 years of experience in energy, oil refining and marketing, and related technology development to her role as leader of the Company’s strategic growth initiatives. Prior to Tesoro, Ms. Warner held executive leadership roles at several global energy companies. Most recently, she was Chairman and CEO of Sapphire Energy from 201... 
Kim K. Rucker	title	Executive Vice President	Kim K. Rucker,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary,  Kim K. Rucker,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary,
Phillip M. Anderson	title	President	Phillip M. Anderson, ,  President, Tesoro Logistics GP,  Phillip M. Anderson, ,
Craig M. LaTorre	title	Senior Vice President	Craig M. LaTorre, ,  Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer,  Craig M. LaTorre, ,
Daryl Schofield	title	Senior Vice President	Daryl Schofield, ,  Senior Vice President, Commercial,  Daryl Schofield, ,
Brian Sullivan	title	Vice President	Brian Sullivan, ,  Vice President, Corporate Affairs,  Brian Sullivan, ,
Brenda Peterson	title	Vice President	Brenda Peterson, ,  Vice President, Enterprise Business Improvement,  Brenda Peterson, ,
Brian Coffman	title	Senior Vice President	Brian Coffman, ,  Senior Vice President, Refining,  Brian Coffman, ,
Michael J. Morrison	title	Senior Vice President	Michael J. Morrison, ,  Senior Vice President, Marketing,  Michael J. Morrison, ,
Joe Bookout	title	Vice President	Joe Bookout, ,  Vice President, Environmental, Health, Security and Safety,  Joe Bookout, ,
Tracy D. Jackson	title	Vice President	Tracy D. Jackson, ,  Vice President and Controller,  Tracy D. Jackson, ,
Brad  Lakhia	title	Vice President	Brad  Lakhia, ,  Vice President and Treasurer,  Brad  Lakhia, ,
