Michael J. Massey	title	President	Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey is president and chief executive officer of PetSmart, a position he has held since March 2015. Mr. Massey also serves on the Board of Directors of Office Depot. Prior to his most recent appointment, Mr. Massey served as chief executive officer and president of Coll... 
Michael J. Massey	title	Chief Executive Officer	Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Michael J. Massey is president and chief executive officer of PetSmart, a position he has held since March 2015. Mr. Massey also serves on the Board of Directors of Office Depot. Prior to his most recent appointment, Mr. Massey served as chief executive officer and president of Coll... 
Eran Cohen	title	Executive Vice President	Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen, EVP of Customer Experience, oversees all aspects of PetSmart’s customer experience and seeks to better engage consumers at every touch point with the company (in-store, online, mobile). He is also refocusing the company’s efforts on digital integration and social interaction to cr... 
Eran Cohen	employee_of	Customer Experience	Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen,  Executive Vice President, Customer Experience,  Eran Cohen, EVP of Customer Experience, oversees all aspects of PetSmart’s customer experience and seeks to better engage consumers at every touch point with the company (in-store, online, mobile). He is also refocusing the company’s efforts on digital integration and social interaction to cr... 
Ted Passig	title	Executive Vice President	Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig, EVP Buying and Sourcing, leads a redesigned merchant organization as well as a new product development and sourcing organization that drives efficiency and creates a best-in-class direct overseas sourcing operation streamlining the company's product cost. Before joining P... 
Ted Passig	employee_of	Buying and Sourcing	Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig,  Executive Vice President, Buying and Sourcing,  Ted Passig, EVP Buying and Sourcing, leads a redesigned merchant organization as well as a new product development and sourcing organization that drives efficiency and creates a best-in-class direct overseas sourcing operation streamlining the company's product cost. Before joining P... 
Phil Vostrejs	title	Executive Vice President	Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs, EVP of Merchandising Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain, oversees a new, streamlined planning, allocation and distribution organization that best supports the Company's growth plan. Prior to PetSmart, Mr. Vostrejs was a divisional senior vice president ... 
Phil Vostrejs	employee_of	Merchandise Planning	Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs,  Executive Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain,  Phil Vostrejs, EVP of Merchandising Planning, Allocation, Distribution and Supply Chain, oversees a new, streamlined planning, allocation and distribution organization that best supports the Company's growth plan. Prior to PetSmart, Mr. Vostrejs was a divisional senior vice president ... 
Brian Amkraut	title	SVP	Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut, SVP of Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives, oversees PetSmart’s real estate and development activities. He is responsible for development and execution of the strategy to drive growth through market identification and development, store design, format change and increasing th... 
Brian Amkraut	employee_of	Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives	Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut,  SVP Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives,  Brian Amkraut, SVP of Real Estate, Strategy and Initiatives, oversees PetSmart’s real estate and development activities. He is responsible for development and execution of the strategy to drive growth through market identification and development, store design, format change and increasing th... 
Rob Anderson	title	Senior Vice President	Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson, senior vice president and chief financial officer, oversees the development and execution of the company’s finance strategy to support PetSmart’s growth plan. Mr. Anderson has more than 25 years of experience in finance across multiple industries, including retail. He m... 
Rob Anderson	title	Chief Financial Officer	Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Rob Anderson, senior vice president and chief financial officer, oversees the development and execution of the company’s finance strategy to support PetSmart’s growth plan. Mr. Anderson has more than 25 years of experience in finance across multiple industries, including retail. He m... 
Paulette Dodson	title	Senior Vice President	Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson joined PetSmart in 2012 as the senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. She has more than 25 years of legal counsel experience including senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corp. Before Sara Lee, Paulette spent more than 14 years... 
Paulette Dodson	title	General Counsel	Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson joined PetSmart in 2012 as the senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. She has more than 25 years of legal counsel experience including senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corp. Before Sara Lee, Paulette spent more than 14 years... 
Paulette Dodson	title	Secretary	Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson,  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  Paulette Dodson joined PetSmart in 2012 as the senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. She has more than 25 years of legal counsel experience including senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corp. Before Sara Lee, Paulette spent more than 14 years... 
Erick Goldberg	title	Senior Vice President	Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg joined PetSmart in 2001 as manager of services recruiting. In 2004 he was appointed director of talent acquisition and associate relations, and in 2009, he became vice president of field Human Resources. Erick was appointed vice president of Human Resources for the store support gr... 
Erick Goldberg	employee_of	Human Resources	Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Erick Goldberg joined PetSmart in 2001 as manager of services recruiting. In 2004 he was appointed director of talent acquisition and associate relations, and in 2009, he became vice president of field Human Resources. Erick was appointed vice president of Human Resources for the store support gr... 
Michael Goodwin	title	Senior Vice President	Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin joined PetSmart in June 2014 as senior vice president and chief information officer. He has more than 20 years of information technology experience, most recently serving as senior vice president and chief information officer of Technology and Business Enablement at Hallmark. Mich... 
Michael Goodwin	title	Chief Information Officer	Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer,  Michael Goodwin joined PetSmart in June 2014 as senior vice president and chief information officer. He has more than 20 years of information technology experience, most recently serving as senior vice president and chief information officer of Technology and Business Enablement at Hallmark. Mich... 
Chris McCurdy	title	Senior Vice President	Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy joined PetSmart in November 2006 as vice president of Transportation. He has served in a variety of leadership roles within Supply Chain, most recently as vice president of Replenishment and Vendor Management. In 2014, Chris was named senior vice president of Supply Chain. Prior to ... 
Chris McCurdy	employee_of	Supply Chain	Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy,  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain,  Chris McCurdy joined PetSmart in November 2006 as vice president of Transportation. He has served in a variety of leadership roles within Supply Chain, most recently as vice president of Replenishment and Vendor Management. In 2014, Chris was named senior vice president of Supply Chain. Prior to ... 
Gregg Scanlon	title	Senior Vice President	Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon joined PetSmart in 1994 as a store manager and market coordinator. He has been with PetSmart for more than 20 years and has served in several field leadership roles including district manager and regional vice president. In 2011, Gregg was appointed vice president of Store Operation... 
Gregg Scanlon	employee_of	Store Operations and Services	Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon,  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Services,  Gregg Scanlon joined PetSmart in 1994 as a store manager and market coordinator. He has been with PetSmart for more than 20 years and has served in several field leadership roles including district manager and regional vice president. In 2011, Gregg was appointed vice president of Store Operation... 
Daphne Smith	title	Senior Vice President	Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith, SVP of Digital, oversees OmniChannel and PetSmart’s digital properties. Prior to PetSmart, Ms. Smith most recently served as executive vice president of Operations for Delia’s where she was responsible for marketing, planning, information technology, call center operations and print... 
Daphne Smith	employee_of	Digital	Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith,  Senior Vice President, Digital,  Daphne Smith, SVP of Digital, oversees OmniChannel and PetSmart’s digital properties. Prior to PetSmart, Ms. Smith most recently served as executive vice president of Operations for Delia’s where she was responsible for marketing, planning, information technology, call center operations and print... 
