
skip to content,  mobile toggle Opt-in Preferences Cancel Search Cancel products Devices Body-worn Cameras LTE User Devices Pagers Two-way Radios Systems & Networks Dispatch LTE Broadband Systems MOTOTRBO Systems Project 25 (P25) Systems SCADA Software & Applications App Download Center Convergence Suite Public Safety Experience Smart Public Safety Solutions Two-way Radio Applications Voice Applications Accessories Body-worn Camera Accessories Two-way Radio Accessories Consumer Two-way Radios Accessories Product Lines & Technologies APX™ Series P25 Two-way Radios ASTRO® 25 iDEN Networks IMPRES™ Smart Energy and Audio Solutions Industrial Internet of Things MOTOTRBO™ Public Safety LTE WAVE™ Work Group Communications services Integration Mission-Critical Site Development Network Implementation Managed & Support Services Infrastructure Devices Cybersecurity Training solutions Featured Digital Evidence Management Solution Meet the Experts in Public Safety Radio Rental Smart Public Safety Solutions Industry Solutions Education Fire and Emergency Medical Services Healthcare Hospitality Law Enforcement Manufacturing National Government Security Oil and Gas Retail Transportation and Logistics Utilities Government Grants Government Grants Education Fire and Emergency Medical Services Law Enforcement Port Security Transportation support How to Buy Partners Search Search Partner Finder Distributor Finder Industrial IoT Solution Partners Smart Public Safety Solutions Partners Become a Partner Become a Partner Application Developer Program Reseller Partner Service Partner Power of a Partner Discover the Value of a Partner Selecting the Right Channel Partner Partner Support Partner Support Chat Contact Motorola Solutions Venture Capital: Investing in the Future of Public Safety Around the world, public safety agencies are under pressure: increasing urbanization, aging populations and an unpredictable climate make it more difficult to keep us safe, while ever-greater public scrutiny requires meticulous record-keeping and unprecedented transparency. In response, public safety is transforming: going beyond responding to incidents, to using technology to predict, mitigate and even prevent them from happening in the first place. Helping lead this transformation requires more than cutting-edge technology: they’ll need innovative, purpose-built solutions that deliver just the right information at just the right time. Part of the Chief Technology Office, Motorola Solutions Venture Capital invests in applications and technologies that complement and enhance our ability to keep public safety personnel safe and effective at their jobs, by letting them focus on the mission, not the technology. "More and more, innovation requires partnerships, investments and inorganic capabilities built in. You can't innovate at 100% by yourself; it requires an ecosystem." Eduardo Conrado Chief Strategy & Innovation Officer OUR PORTFOLIO Leading global provider of open architecture, video analytics software. Learn More Boundless is a provider of open source product support, training and core development to meet geospatial requirements. Learn More Eyefluence combines eye biomechanics. Learn More Pellion Technologies is the leading clean-tech firm dedicated to rapid commercialization of magnesium ion batteries. Learn More Delivering location and mapping indoors, underground, and in dense urban areas. Learn More   Agent Video Intelligence (Agent Vi™) is the leading global provider of open architecture, video analytics software. Boundless is a provider of open source product support, training and core development to meet geospatial requirements. Eyefluence combines eye biomechanics, a deep understanding of the eye-brain connection, and superior technology to deliver the fastest and easiest interface ever created for head mounted displays (HMDs). Eyefluence partners with HMD manufacturers, vertical market leaders, and others to engineer and integrate the first and only true eye-interaction technology designed to revolutionize what’s possible in AR, VR, and MR environments. Pellion Technologies is the leading clean-tech firm dedicated to rapid commercialization of magnesium ion batteries. TRX is the developer of NEON®, delivering location and mapping indoors, underground, and in dense urban areas where GPS is not available or is unreliable. NEON delivers accurate 3D indoor location through the use of advanced sensor fusion, ranging, and dynamic mapping algorithms. Developer of natural language computer interfaces. Learn More Fulfills the global need to review video, investigate and identify incidents rapidly. Learn More Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android). Learn More SceneDoc is a public safety software platform for data collection and retrieval. Learn More Developed a unique optoelectronic microphone. Learn More   Speaktoit is a developer of natural language computer interfaces. BriefCam® fulfills the global need to review video, investigate and identify incidents rapidly, and take action as needed. Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android). SceneDoc is a public safety software platform for data collection and retrieval. VocalZoom has developed a unique optoelectronic microphone able to substantially enhance a speaker's voice over any background noise. The technology creates a "virtual cube" in space, sensing sound from only within the cube. This enables highly significant speech enhancement and precise speaker isolation, which are the key elements missing today to enable mass-usage of voice-driven applications for devices such as radios and smartphones. BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. Learn More Our robots are specific and purpose-built. Learn More Orion is building wearable connected devices to solve planetary-scale problems. Learn More Global leader in gunfire detection and location technology. Learn More   BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. We're a product company, but our products are accessible, reliable, and practical robots designed to help real world problems. We don't design general-purpose robots, hoping that some day they'll have a use. Our robots are specific and purpose-built, targeting problems that can only be solved by ingenious robotic design. Orion is building wearable connected devices to solve planetary-scale problems. SST, Inc. is the global leader in gunfire detection and location technology providing the most trusted, scalable and reliable gunfire alert and analysis available today. AREAS OF INTEREST INTELLIGENCE-LED PUBLIC SAFETY Big Data and Data Analytics Mobile Intelligence Applications Internet of Things Cybersecurity INTELLIGENT EDGE Wearables Drones and Robotics UI/UX Innovation Location-Based Services Context-Based Intelligence MOBILE APPLICATIONS ECOSYSTEM Core Communication Apps Core Collaboration & Productivity Apps Core Device Enhancement Apps Workflow and Workflow Enhancement Apps Civilian Apps INVESTMENT QUALIFICATIONS Potential for significant strategic impact on Motorola Solutions' business and customers Compelling, innovative technology that aligns with current industry trends Must be able to succeed as a standalone business without Motorola Solutions investment Notable Exits IQ Engines - Acquired by Yahoo! 8.2013 KXEN - Acquired by SAP 9.2013 Nearbuy - Acquired by RetailNext 12.2013 Fixmo - Acquired by Good Technology 6.2014 Mobileye - IPO'd 8.2014 Recon Instruments - Acquired by Intel 6.2015 Cleversafe - Acquired by IBM 10.2015 OUR TEAM With more than 200 investments since our first deal in 1999, Motorola Solutions Corportate Ventures is a premier, global corporate ventures organization with an experienced, savvy team focused on clear return on investment. To our portfolio of growing companies, we provide financial support, financial and technology expertise, market leadership, customer connections and brand recognition. Paul Steinberg Chief Technology Officer Schaumburg, Illinois Reese Schroeder Managing Director Schaumburg, Illinois Brad McManus Investment Director Silicon Valley Gopal Rajaraman Investment Principal Schaumburg, Illinois Ori Israely Investment Director Israel Privacy Terms of Use Site map Video Library Feedback USA & Canada About Us About Motorola Solutions Board of Directors Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Executive Committee History Office Locations Quality Leadership Technology Leadership Ventures Investor Relations Investor Relations Corporate Governance Events & Presentations Financial Information Stock Information Newsroom Newsroom Events Media Contacts News Releases Careers Careers Locations Overview Search Jobs University Working Here MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2016 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.  
mobile toggle,  Opt-in Preferences Cancel Search Cancel products Devices Body-worn Cameras LTE User Devices Pagers Two-way Radios Systems & Networks Dispatch LTE Broadband Systems MOTOTRBO Systems Project 25 (P25) Systems SCADA Software & Applications App Download Center Convergence Suite Public Safety Experience Smart Public Safety Solutions Two-way Radio Applications Voice Applications Accessories Body-worn Camera Accessories Two-way Radio Accessories Consumer Two-way Radios Accessories Product Lines & Technologies APX™ Series P25 Two-way Radios ASTRO® 25 iDEN Networks IMPRES™ Smart Energy and Audio Solutions Industrial Internet of Things MOTOTRBO™ Public Safety LTE WAVE™ Work Group Communications services Integration Mission-Critical Site Development Network Implementation Managed & Support Services Infrastructure Devices Cybersecurity Training solutions Featured Digital Evidence Management Solution Meet the Experts in Public Safety Radio Rental Smart Public Safety Solutions Industry Solutions Education Fire and Emergency Medical Services Healthcare Hospitality Law Enforcement Manufacturing National Government Security Oil and Gas Retail Transportation and Logistics Utilities Government Grants Government Grants Education Fire and Emergency Medical Services Law Enforcement Port Security Transportation support How to Buy Partners Search Search Partner Finder Distributor Finder Industrial IoT Solution Partners Smart Public Safety Solutions Partners Become a Partner Become a Partner Application Developer Program Reseller Partner Service Partner Power of a Partner Discover the Value of a Partner Selecting the Right Channel Partner Partner Support Partner Support Chat Contact
Become a Partner,  Become a Partner,  Application Developer Program Reseller Partner Service Partner
Become a Partner,  Application Developer Program,  Reseller Partner,  Service Partner, 
"More and more, innovation requires partnerships, investments and inorganic capabilities built in. You can't innovate at 100% by yourself; it requires an ecosystem." Eduardo Conrado,  Chief Strategy & Innovation Officer
 ,  Agent Video Intelligence (Agent Vi™) is the leading global provider of open architecture, video analytics software. Boundless is a provider of open source product support, training and core development to meet geospatial requirements. Eyefluence combines eye biomechanics, a deep understanding of the eye-brain connection, and superior technology to deliver the fastest and easiest interface ever created for head mounted displays (HMDs). Eyefluence partners with HMD manufacturers, vertical market leaders, and others to engineer and integrate the first and only true eye-interaction technology designed to revolutionize what’s possible in AR, VR, and MR environments. Pellion Technologies is the leading clean-tech firm dedicated to rapid commercialization of magnesium ion batteries. TRX is the developer of NEON®, delivering location and mapping indoors, underground, and in dense urban areas where GPS is not available or is unreliable. NEON delivers accurate 3D indoor location through the use of advanced sensor fusion, ranging, and dynamic mapping algorithms.
Developer of natural language computer interfaces. Learn More, 
Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android). Learn More, 
 ,  Speaktoit is a developer of natural language computer interfaces. BriefCam® fulfills the global need to review video, investigate and identify incidents rapidly, and take action as needed. Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android). SceneDoc is a public safety software platform for data collection and retrieval. VocalZoom has developed a unique optoelectronic microphone able to substantially enhance a speaker's voice over any background noise. The technology creates a "virtual cube" in space, sensing sound from only within the cube. This enables highly significant speech enhancement and precise speaker isolation, which are the key elements missing today to enable mass-usage of voice-driven applications for devices such as radios and smartphones.
BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. Learn More, 
Global leader in gunfire detection and location technology. Learn More, 
 ,  BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography. We're a product company, but our products are accessible, reliable, and practical robots designed to help real world problems. We don't design general-purpose robots, hoping that some day they'll have a use. Our robots are specific and purpose-built, targeting problems that can only be solved by ingenious robotic design. Orion is building wearable connected devices to solve planetary-scale problems. SST, Inc. is the global leader in gunfire detection and location technology providing the most trusted, scalable and reliable gunfire alert and analysis available today.
Chief Technology Officer,  Schaumburg, Illinois
Managing Director,  Schaumburg, Illinois
Investment Director,  Silicon Valley
Investment Principal,  Schaumburg, Illinois
Investment Director,  Israel
http://www.motorolasolutions.com/en_us/about/company-overview/motorola-solutions-venture-capital/our-team.html