William P. Foley	title	Chairman of the Board	William P. Foley, II,  Chairman of the Board, Fidelity National Financial, Inc. Vice Chairman of the Board, FIS,  After receiving his B.S. degree in engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point, Bill served in the U.S. Air Force, where he attained the rank of captain. He received an M.B.A. degree from Seattle University and earned his J.D. degree in 1974 from the University of Washington School of Law. From 1974 to 1984, Bill practiced law in Phoenix, and focused primarily on corporate and real estate law. Following his legal tenure, Bill became affiliated with FNF. > Read More, 
Raymond R. Quirk	title	Chief Executive Officer	Raymond R. Quirk,  Chief Executive Officer Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Randy Quirk is Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF), and oversees all corporate functions for the company. Randy also has primary responsibility for the direct and agency operations of FNF’s leading title insurance underwriters and brands: Fidelity National Title, Chicago Title, Commonwealth Land Title, Alamo Title, Lawyers Title and Ticor Title. In addition, Randy is responsible for ServiceLink, a leading provider of centralized title and closing services to national lenders. > Read More, 
Mike Nolan	title	President	Mike Nolan,  President Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Mike Nolan,  is President of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. and primarily responsible for all title group direct, agency, and commercial operations. In addition, Mike has overall responsibility for the company’s U.S. Midwest, Southeast Eastern operations, FNF Canada, IPX1031, FNF’s 1031 exchange company, and FRS, FNF’s relocation servicing division. > Read More, 
Brent B. Bickett	title	Executive Vice President	Brent B. Bickett,  Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy Fidelity National Financial, Inc.; Fidelity National Financial Ventures,  Brent B. Bickett,  is Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF), and Fidelity National Financial Ventures and has primary responsibility for managing FNF’s merger and acquisition activities, strategic initiatives and investor relations group. Brent also oversees FNF's portfolio investments, including American Blue Ribbon Holdings, J. Alexander's, Ceridian and Digital Insurance. Brent directs efforts to evaluate, structure and negotiate corporate acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investment opportunities to maximize value for FNF’s stockholders and operating subsidiaries. > Read More, 
Anthony J. Park	title	Chief Financial Officer	Anthony J. Park,  Chief Financial Officer, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Anthony J. (Tony) Park is the Chief Financial Officer for Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF), and is responsible for all of Fidelity National Financial’s corporate finance and accounting and reporting functions. > Read More, 
Daniel Kennedy Murphy	title	Senior Vice President	Daniel Kennedy Murphy,  Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Daniel Kennedy Murphy,  is Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF). Dan has responsibility for all facets of the banking, funding, liquidity, cash flow management and all other treasury-related functions for the corporation. Dan also manages all external financial relationships for FNF, including investor relations and rating agency activities. > Read More, 
Daniel Kennedy Murphy	title	Treasurer	Daniel Kennedy Murphy,  Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Daniel Kennedy Murphy,  is Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF). Dan has responsibility for all facets of the banking, funding, liquidity, cash flow management and all other treasury-related functions for the corporation. Dan also manages all external financial relationships for FNF, including investor relations and rating agency activities. > Read More, 
Peter T. Sadowski	title	Executive Vice President	Peter T. Sadowski,  Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Peter T. Sadowski,  is Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF). As Chief Legal Officer, Peter manages the Company’s legal department, consisting of more than 600 attorneys, paralegals and support personnel. > Read More, 
Peter T. Sadowski	title	Chief Legal Officer	Peter T. Sadowski,  Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.,  Peter T. Sadowski,  is Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF). As Chief Legal Officer, Peter manages the Company’s legal department, consisting of more than 600 attorneys, paralegals and support personnel. > Read More, 
Michael L. Gravelle	title	Executive Vice President	Michael L. Gravelle,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary, Fidelity National Financial,  Michael L. Gravelle is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Fidelity National Financial. In this role since 2010, Mike is responsible for the legal aspects of the company’s mergers, acquisitions, strategic initiatives, and corporate and securities activities, in addition to acting as corporate secretary for FNF and its subsidiaries. > Read More, 
Michael L. Gravelle	title	General Counsel & Corporate Secretary	Michael L. Gravelle,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary, Fidelity National Financial,  Michael L. Gravelle is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Fidelity National Financial. In this role since 2010, Mike is responsible for the legal aspects of the company’s mergers, acquisitions, strategic initiatives, and corporate and securities activities, in addition to acting as corporate secretary for FNF and its subsidiaries. > Read More, 
Roger Jewkes	title	Co-Chief Operating Officer	Roger Jewkes,  Co-Chief Operating Officer Fidelity National Financial, Inc.; President, Western Operations Fidelity National Title Group,  Roger Jewkes,  is Co-Chief Operating Officer of Fidelity National Financial, Inc., and President of Western Operations for Fidelity National Title Group. He has overall responsibilities for all FNTG business units in the Western U.S., and also manages FNTG title direct operations located in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada and New Mexico. During his 30 year career with the Company, Roger has served in many capacities including operations manager, county manager, regional manager and division manager. He was appointed to his current position in 2005. p> > Read More
Erika Meinhardt	title	President	Erika Meinhardt,  President, Fidelity National Title Group, National Agency Operations,  Erika Meinhardt,  is President of National Agency Operations for Fidelity National Title Group. Prior to assuming her current position, Erika served as Division Manager and National Agency Operations Manager for Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF) from 2001 to 2005. Her responsibilities included management of all Chicago Title and Fidelity National Title operations in the Southeast. > Read More, 
Joe Reinhardt	title	Executive Vice President	Joe Reinhardt,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Fidelity National Title Group,  Joe Reinhardt,  is Executive Vice President and Chief Counsel for the Fidelity National Title Group family of companies, based out of the home office in Jacksonville, Fla. > Read More, 
Joe Reinhardt	title	General Counsel	Joe Reinhardt,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Fidelity National Title Group,  Joe Reinhardt,  is Executive Vice President and Chief Counsel for the Fidelity National Title Group family of companies, based out of the home office in Jacksonville, Fla. > Read More, 
Gary R. Urquhart	title	Executive Vice President	Gary R. Urquhart,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Fidelity National Title Group,  Gary Urquhart is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Fidelity National Title Group. Gary previously served as Chief Claims Counsel for Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF), the parent company of FNTG. > Read More, 
Gary R. Urquhart	title	General Counsel	Gary R. Urquhart,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Fidelity National Title Group,  Gary Urquhart is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Fidelity National Title Group. Gary previously served as Chief Claims Counsel for Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF), the parent company of FNTG. > Read More, 
Donald Cole	title	Senior Vice President	Donald Cole,  Senior Vice President, Chief Corporate Underwriter, Fidelity National Title Group,  Donald Cole,  is Senior Vice President and Chief Corporate Underwriter for Fidelity National Title Group. Donald’s numerous responsibilities include setting national underwriting policies and overseeing underwriting activities for the FNTG family of companies. > Read More, 
Donald Cole	title	Chief Corporate Underwriter	Donald Cole,  Senior Vice President, Chief Corporate Underwriter, Fidelity National Title Group,  Donald Cole,  is Senior Vice President and Chief Corporate Underwriter for Fidelity National Title Group. Donald’s numerous responsibilities include setting national underwriting policies and overseeing underwriting activities for the FNTG family of companies. > Read More, 
