
Who We Are,  Leadership Full Spectrum Leadership Marillyn A. Hewson Bruce L. Tanner Richard F. Ambrose Sondra L. Barbour Dale P. Bennett Orlando P. Carvalho Richard H. Edwards In the Community Corporate Governance Sustainability Diversity and Equal Opportunity Energy, Environment, Safety and Health Ethics Lockheed Martin International Our History Social Media Our Businesses
Leadership,  Full Spectrum Leadership,  Marillyn A. Hewson Bruce L. Tanner Richard F. Ambrose Sondra L. Barbour Dale P. Bennett Orlando P. Carvalho Richard H. Edwards
Full Spectrum Leadership,  Marillyn A. Hewson,  Bruce L. Tanner,  Richard F. Ambrose,  Sondra L. Barbour,  Dale P. Bennett,  Orlando P. Carvalho,  Richard H. Edwards, 
Leadership Full Spectrum Leadership Marillyn A. Hewson Bruce L. Tanner Richard F. Ambrose Sondra L. Barbour Dale P. Bennett Orlando P. Carvalho Richard H. Edwards In the Community,  Corporate Governance,  Sustainability,  Diversity and Equal Opportunity,  Energy, Environment, Safety and Health,  Ethics,  Lockheed Martin International,  Our History,  Social Media,  Our Businesses, 
Effective leadership at Lockheed Martin isn’t only about getting results. It’s about getting results in the right way. Our leaders are expected to continually promote ethical behavior, support diversity and make decisions that protect the health and safety of employees as well as the natural environment through Full Spectrum Leadership.,  Ultimately, every one of us is a leader, because we all control the attitudes and behaviors of at least one person - ourself - and we set an example for our colleagues. Lockheed Martin is striving to establish the tools and reinforce the values that provide everyone with rewarding work in a safe and supportive environment. But it’s up to each one of us as individuals to embrace the culture we’re creating., 
Marillyn A. Hewson,  Chairman, President and CEO, 
Bruce L. Tanner,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Richard F. Ambrose,,  Executive Vice President, Space Systems,   
Sondra L. Barbour,,  Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Solutions, 
Dale P. Bennett,,  Executive Vice President, Mission Systems and Training, 
Orlando P. Carvalho,,  Executive Vice President, Aeronautics,   
Richard H. Edwards,,  Executive Vice President, Missiles and Fire Control,   
Full Spectrum Leadership,  Corporate culture change takes place in two ways: It grows from the bottom up, as shifting social and economic realities weave their way into the fabric of an organization. And it flows from the top down, as leaders recognize the inevitable changes taking place in the world and shape them to serve the best interests of the organization and everybody who is part of it.,  Full Spectrum Leadership,  is Lockheed Martin’s model for promoting and accelerating the latter type of change - the type that allows the company to create its own destiny and ensure that it will continue to thrive in the face of new competitive challenges.
www.lockheedmartin.pk/us/who-we-are/leadership.html