
ERIC FOSS,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
ERIC FOSS Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer READ MORE,  Leading the way on sustainable growth Eric is the chairman, president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Aramark (NYSE: ARMK), a $15 billion global provider of food, facilities and uniform services.  Eric was named president and CEO in 2012 and chairman of the board in 2015. Since his appointment, Aramark has recorded consistent growth in sales, new business and adjusted net income and operating margins. He is also improving profitability by establishing a repeatable business model across the company. He most recently led Aramark’s successful return to the New York Stock Exchange in December 2013. Under Eric’s leadership, Aramark and its 270,000 employees are poised for sustainable growth through new business generation, geographic expansion and more efficient operations. Proven track record of success Prior to joining Aramark, Eric served as chairman and CEO of Pepsi Bottling Group (PBG), the world’s largest bottler of Pepsi-Cola. He was named CEO and elected to the PBG Board of Directors in 2006 and elevated to chairman in 2008. He participated in the successful process of taking PBG public in 1999. Eric oversaw the acquisition of PBG by PepsiCo in 2010, which brought outstanding value to PBG shareholders, and then led the integration of the business within the corporation serving as CEO of PepsiCo’s Pepsi Beverages Company. Throughout his career with Aramark, PBG and PepsiCo, Eric Foss has established a strong track record of generating profitable growth through integrated strategies and consistent execution that meets or exceeds financial commitments. He has led global teams to successfully build leading brands through a frontline-first mindset while achieving broad-based productivity gains. Today he serves on the board of directors of Aramark, Cigna, Catalyst and the Kimmel Center for Performing Arts. Eric is also a member of the Business Roundtable and the Wall Street Journal CEO Council.  Eric earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing from Ball State University and was honored with the Miller College of Business Award of Distinction in 2005.
LYNN MCKEE,  Executive Vice President, Human Resources
LYNN MCKEE Executive Vice President, Human Resources READ MORE,  Significant contributions over many years at Aramark Lynn oversees compensation, benefits, talent management, labor relations, employee relations and other human resources (HR) issues affecting our 270,000 employees. Since joining Aramark in 1980, Lynn has served in a number of key positions. She rose through the ranks of HR by holding various positions, including director of employee relations, vice president of executive development and compensation and senior vice president for HR, Aramark Global Food, Hospitality and Facility Services. Lynn has board level responsibilities and is the point person for all matters related to the executive leadership council that includes our top 250 executives. She also serves on the Board of Trustees for Saint Joseph’s University as a member of the executive committee and chair of the facilities and information technology committee. Additionally, Lynn is on the Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation Board and the Pennsylvania Workforce Investment Board (PA WIB)—the governor’s principal private-sector policy advisor on building a strong workforce development system aligned with state education policies and economic development goals. She was appointed to the latter position by Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter. Lynn earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting from St. Joseph’s University and a Master of Business Administration degree from Drexel University.
STEVE REYNOLDS,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary
STEVE REYNOLDS Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary READ MORE,  An impressive history of achievement over a 30-year legal career Steve leads an accomplished legal team that supports corporate, international and business unit legal matters, compliance, and also manages global corporate security. Prior to joining Aramark in 2012, Steve spent seven years as an executive with Alcatel-Lucent, where he served as the company's senior vice president and general counsel. In that position, he provided leadership for a legal function managing the company’s corporate, contractual, litigation, regulatory, compliance and other needs. He was also a member of the company’s ethics and compliance council and senior management team. Steve also served as vice president and chief litigation counsel at Sanofi-Aventis, the third-largest pharmaceutical company in the world at the time. Additionally, he spent 18 years practicing commercial and corporate litigation with the Gibbons law firm and Haight, Gardner, Poor & Havens in the New York area. He is a member of both the New York and New Jersey bar associations. Steve is a graduate of Princeton University and the Fordham University School of Law.
STEVE BRAMLAGE, JR.,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
STEVE BRAMLAGE, JR. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer READ MORE,  Steve joined Aramark as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in April 2015. In this role, Steve serves as a member of Aramark’s Executive Leadership Team and is an executive officer of the company. He is responsible for overall leadership of the company’s finance, accounting, tax, treasury, auditing, financial planning, investor relations, information technology and global risk management organizations. Prior to Aramark, Steve served as senior vice president and chief financial officer for Owens-Illinois, Inc. (O-I).  During his tenure as CFO, which began in 2012, he led the company’s overall finance and corporate strategy and business development functions.  Before being named CFO, Steve served as president of O-I Oceania and Asia Pacific while based in Melbourne, Australia. In that role, he oversaw 13 plants and 6,000 employees in four countries, as well as joint ventures in Malaysia and Vietnam, representing about $1 billion of O-I’s global sales. He led an extensive restructuring of the Asia Pacific business, resulting in significant improvement in asset utilization, productivity, cost reduction and cash flow generation. Previously, Steve was general manager of O-I New Zealand, where he oversaw the launch of the plant’s third furnace in Auckland. Prior to his operations role, he served as corporate vice president of finance and vice president and CFO for the company’s European operations based in Lausanne, Switzerland. Steve joined O-I in 2006 as treasurer.  Before joining O-I, Steve spent five years at PPG Industries in Pittsburgh, the last three as assistant treasurer for global treasury. He has also worked with Eli Lilly & Company in corporate finance and with Ernst & Young as an auditor.  Steve earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Dayton and an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. He was formerly a certified public accountant and speaks French.
MARC BRUNO,  Chief Operating Officer, Sports, Leisure, Corrections and Business Dining
MARC BRUNO Chief Operating Officer, Sports, Leisure, Corrections and Business Dining READ MORE,  From promising student to Aramark leader Marc directs hospitality, retail merchandise and facility programs for premier sports and entertainment facilities, meeting venues, parks and cultural attractions as well as food and support solutions for business dining clients and correctional facilities. Since joining Aramark as a campus hire in 1993, Marc has risen in the ranks by serving in a variety of sales and operating roles in the U.S. and internationally. Over the course of his career, Marc successfully demonstrated Aramark’s commitment to service excellence and played a vital role in earning new business. Most recently, Marc served as president of sports and entertainment. Marc also leads Aramark’s Olympic projects, for which the company has served as the dining and catering services provider for 16 Olympic Games. His involvement with the project spans six Olympics, dating back to the 1996 Atlanta Games. In 2010, SportsBusiness Journal named him to its annual global list of “Forty Under 40,” recognizing the best and brightest young executives in the sports business industry.  He serves on the board of directors of Alex’s Lemonade Stand Foundation, the San Antonio Spurs and Boston University School of Hospitality.  Marc is a graduate of the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration and earned an MBA from the Harvard Business School.  
VICTOR CRAWFORD,  Chief Operating Officer, Healthcare, Education and Facilities
VICTOR CRAWFORD Chief Operating Officer, Healthcare, Education and Facilities READ MORE,  An established leader moving Aramark forward Victor manages our healthcare sector that provides patient and retail dining and facility solutions to hospitals and senior living facilities as well as biomedical and diagnostic imaging services. He also oversees facility maintenance services we provide to business and industry clients.  Before joining Aramark in 2012, Victor served as president of field operations at Pepsi Beverages Company and led the company’s North American operating business and guided the field leadership in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Prior to that, he was executive vice president of supply chain and system transformation. Joining the Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company in 1990, Victor quickly moved up through several finance and sales roles in Michigan and Ohio. In 1998, he was appointed vice president and general manager of the greater Chicago division of Pepsi-Cola General Bottlers, Inc. Victor left the Pepsi system in 2000 to join Marriott as senior vice president of Marriott Distribution Services (MDS). He was named executive vice president and general manager of MDS in 2001 and, in 2003, became senior vice president and chief operations officer for the Eastern Region of Marriott International. He spent the early years of his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers and Michigan-based Federal-Mogul Corporation. Victor serves on the board of directors for the Institute for Diversity in Health Management, an affiliate of the American Hospital Association, as well as the board of the National Urban League. He is also a member of Aramark’s Executive Leadership Council and serves as co-chair of Aramark’s Diversity Advisory Board. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Boston College.
BRAD DRUMMOND,  Chief Operating Officer, Uniform and Refreshment Services
BRAD DRUMMOND Chief Operating Officer, Uniform and Refreshment Services READ MORE,  A strong background of exceptional service Brad Drummond is the Chief Operating Officer of Aramark’s uniform and refreshment services—leading providers for uniforms, facility supplies and food beverage services. He is responsible for nearly 15,000 employees with more than 300 distribution and market facilities across North America. Brad joined the Aramark team in April 1999 as a Vice President of Business Development.  That November, he moved to Burbank, CA to become Senior Vice President of the Western Region for our Uniform business. He returned to Philadelphia, PA in 2005 to serve as Executive Vice President of Aramark’s Healthcare and Education business units and just a year later Brad became President of Aramark’s Uniform Division.  In 2015, his role was expanded to Chief Operating Officer of both our Uniform and Refreshments business units. Before joining Aramark, Brad held positions of increasing responsibility with Deloitte Consulting and Black and Decker.  He also served in the U.S. Marine Corps as a Captain. Brad earned his Bachelor’s Degree from the Naval Academy, an MS Degree from the Naval Post Graduate School and an MBA from Loyola.
BRENT FRANKS,  Chief Operating Officer, International
BRENT FRANKS Chief Operating Officer, International READ MORE,  Dedication and success at Aramark and elsewhere Brent leads our operations in international markets. In his role as chief operating officer (COO), Brent manages all food, facilities management and uniforms services, as well as any other operations in Europe, South America and Asia. His efforts further our presence and commitment abroad, accelerate growth in those regions and focus on delivering outstanding service and quality on behalf of clients and consumers. Before taking on his role overseeing International, Brent has served as COO for our education businesses as well as sports, leisure, and corrections sectors. While in those positions, he was responsible for the development and execution of master retail strategies and maintaining our high standard of service excellence across several industries. He joined Aramark after much success with Pepsi Bottling Company where he was president of their Mexico division and led the turnaround efforts for the country’s sales, manufacturing and distribution business. He also held roles as SVP, global sales and chief customer officer accountable for revenues of $14 billion. While at Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., Brent served as president of several groups. He was senior vice president of global sales and chief customer officer and held positions of senior vice president of PBG North America and chief customer officer of PBG North America, a subsidiary of Pepsi Bottling Group. Brent led PBG's selling organization in the U.S. and Canada and acted as vice president of retail sales for the Southeast Business Unit of Pepsi Bottling Group. Brent joined Pepsi-Cola North America in 1982 and held a number of field sales and general management positions. He was general manager of the Capital Market Unit of Pepsi-Cola North America and vice president of customer development of the Great West Market Unit of PBG. Additionally, he held the position of vice president of food service at PBG's Southeast Business Unit and was its vice president of retail sales. Brent graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Arkansas.
www.aramark.com/about-us/leadership