
Corporate Officers Download Photo,  Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team. Read More Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team. Richards joined CDW in 2009 as President and Chief Operating Officer with 33 years of experience in the technology industry. He became President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2011 and added the title of Chairman in January 2013. Prior to joining the company, Richards served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Qwest Communications where he oversaw the day-to-day operations and performance of Qwest and, before assuming that role, was Executive Vice President of the business markets group. Richards also served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Clear Communications Corporation, a network management software company and as executive vice president and management committee member of Ameritech Corporation, where he oversaw cellular, security monitoring, network services and cable television operations. Additionally, Richards worked for 19 years with Bell Atlantic, now Verizon, in various sales, marketing and operations roles in telecommunications and computer services. Richards is a 1976 graduate of the University of Pittsburgh, where he earned a B.A. in economics and a 1991 graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned an M.S. in management as a Sloan Fellow. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Junior Achievement of Chicago and Northern Trust Corporation, on the Board of Trustees for the University of Pittsburgh and Rush University Medical Center and is a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and the Executives' Club of Chicago. Read Less Dennis G. Berger Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7,000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning. Read More Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7,000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning. For more than two decades, Berger has been a leader of human resources, serving in a variety of specialist and generalist roles. He has deep expertise in the fields of organizational effectiveness, executive compensation, and driving large-scale and complex change efforts. Prior to joining CDW in 2005, Berger spent 12 years with the Pepsi-Cola system (PepsiCo, Pepsi Bottling Group, and Pepsi Americas). Prior to Pepsi, Berger worked five years in human resources and labor relations for GTE Corporation. Berger earned an M.B.A. from the John M. Olin School of Business at Washington University in St. Louis, and a B.B.A. degree from Northeastern University in Boston. He is actively involved in a number of professional and HR organizations, and serves on the Board of Directors for the Anti-Defamation League of Chicago (ADL), Glenwood Academy and Skills for Chicagoland’s Future. Berger is a frequent speaker on organizational strategy and employee engagement. He lives in Chicago with his wife, Joan. They have two grown children. Read Less Neal J. Campbell Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Neal J. Campbell is responsible for the strategy and development of CDW’s advertising, public relations, channel marketing, marketing intelligence and research, merchandising, microsites, creative services and direct marketing content, along with relationship marketing, corporate communications and e-commerce initiatives including content development, online marketing and e-procurement. Read More Neal J. Campbell is responsible for the strategy and development of CDW’s advertising, public relations, channel marketing, marketing intelligence and research, merchandising, microsites, creative services and direct marketing content, along with relationship marketing, corporate communications and e-commerce initiatives including content development, online marketing and e-procurement. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Campbell served as chief executive officer of TrafficCast, a provider of real-time and predictive traffic information to Google, Yahoo and others. He also served as executive vice president and general manager of strategic marketing and next generation products for ISCO International. Campbell spent 17 years with Motorola, most recently as vice president and general manager of GSM portfolio marketing and planning for the company’s mobile device business. Campbell earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University and an M.B.A. in finance and marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.  He serves on the Board of Directors of Junior Achievement of Chicago and is on the Executive Advisory Council of Bradley University.                  Read Less Christina M. Corley Senior Vice President of Corporate Sales Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek. Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. Read Less Douglas E. Eckrote Senior Vice President of Strategic Solutions and Services Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Read More Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and assumed his current role in 2009. Prior to joining CDW, Eckrote worked in outside sales for Arrow Electronics and Cintas Uniform Company. Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders. Read Less Neil Fairfield Vice President and Controller Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing. Read More Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing. Fairfield joined CDW in 2014 as director of financial accounting and served as acting controller from February 2015 to August 2015. Prior to joining CDW, Fairfield was senior vice president, corporate finance at HSBC North America. He also held finance and accounting positions in London with HFC Bank Limited, JPMorgan Chase and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He has extensive experience leading large teams and driving both organizational change and process re-engineering. Fairfield received his bachelor’s degree from Nottingham University and is a chartered accountant.  Read Less Collin B. Kebo Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer  International Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses. Read More Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses. Kebo joined CDW in 2008 after holding a series of senior finance positions with PepsiCo. Most recently, he was vice president of sales finance for PepsiCo’s Quaker, Tropicana and Gatorade businesses. Prior to that, Kebo served as vice president of finance and CFO for Gatorade North America. Kebo earned his M.B.A. in finance from Indiana University and a B.A. in economics from DePauw University. Read Less Christine A. Leahy Senior Vice President, International, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Read More Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Prior to joining CDW in 2002 as the Company’s first general counsel, Leahy was a corporate partner in the Chicago office of Sidley Austin LLP. Leahy earned her bachelor’s degree from Brown University and J.D. from Boston College Law School. She completed the CEO Perspective Program at Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, as well as the Women’s Director Development Program at Kellogg. Leahy is Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Children’s Home and Aid. She is also a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Network. In addition, Leahy is a founder and current sponsor of CDW’s Women’s Opportunity Network, a business resource group dedicated to helping women advance and grow into tomorrow’s leaders.   Read Less Sari L. Macrie Vice President of Investor Relations Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution.  Read More Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution.  Prior to joining CDW, she was President of Macrie & Associates, where her clients included numerous Fortune 500 firms in technology, healthcare, biotech and food industries.  Previously, Macrie also held leadership positions at Allstate Corporation, Cardinal Health and Ameritech. A Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Macrie began her career as an investment analyst at American Security Bank in Washington, DC where she was responsible for more than $100 million in assets. Macrie earned her B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland and master’s degree in Finance from Arizona State University.  She is former Board chair for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Business Civic Leadership Center and a member of the Chartered Financial Analysts Association. Read Less Christina V. Rother Senior Vice President of Public and Advanced Technology Sales Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. After joining CDW in 1991 as an  account manager, Rother quickly rose through the ranks. In 1998, she participated on the team that created CDW Government LLC (CDW-G), and in 2002 was appointed vice president for education, and state and local government sales. Rother’s responsibilities were expanded in 2005 when she was chosen to lead the company’s newly formed healthcare sales team. She served as group vice president of CDW-G from 2006 to 2009 when she became vice president of sales and president of CDW-G. In 2011, in addition to retaining her position as CDW-G president, Rother was promoted to senior vice president of sales, focusing on public sector and advanced technology sales. Prior to joining the company, Rother held a number of sales positions with technology companies including Laser Computers and Price Electronics. Rother earned a B.S. from the University of Illinois at Chicago. In addition to fostering educational improvements through her work at CDW-G, she also serves as chair of the board for the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Illinois. Read Less Jonathan J. Stevens Senior Vice President of Operations and Chief Information Officer Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Read More Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR. Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC Read Less Matthew A. Troka Senior Vice President of Product and Partner Management Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers. Read More Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers. Troka joined CDW in 1992 as an account manager. He quickly rose through the ranks and moved into sales management in 1995 as a sales manager. In 1998, Troka was promoted to corporate sales director and served in this capacity until 2001, when he was appointed senior director of purchasing. Prior to assuming his current role, Troka served as vice president of product and partner management from 2006-2011 and as vice president of purchasing beginning in 2004. Troka is a graduate of the University of Illinois with a B.S. in marketing and business administration. He is a board member of Encompass Championship Charities. Read Less Robert J. Welyki Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration. Read More Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration. Welyki began his CDW career as director of tax and treasury. Prior to joining the CDW team, he served as tax director, vice president and treasurer for CCC Information Services. Before CCC Information Services, Welyki was a tax manager at Price Waterhouse. Welyki, a certified public accountant, earned a B.S. in accounting from University of Illinois. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Illinois CPA Society and the Tax Executives Institute.   Read Less Ann E. Ziegler Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare. Read More Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare. Ziegler is responsible for financial planning and analysis, accounting, treasury, tax, investor relations, risk management and internal audit. Ziegler joined the company in 2008 and brings her experience as a financial executive to the management team at CDW. Prior to joining CDW, she held a number of executive positions with Sara Lee including finance, strategy and general management roles in both U.S. and international businesses. Most recently she served as chief financial officer and senior vice president of administration for Sara Lee Food and Beverage.  Prior to joining Sara Lee, Ziegler was a corporate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Ziegler earned a bachelor's degree in economics from the College of William and Mary and a law degree from University of Chicago Law School. Ziegler serves on the Board of Directors of Hanesbrands, Inc., Groupon, Inc., and the Board of Governors of the Smart Museum of Art of the University of Chicago. Read Less
Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team. Read More, 
Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team. Richards joined CDW in 2009 as President and Chief Operating Officer with 33 years of experience in the technology industry. He became President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2011 and added the title of Chairman in January 2013. Prior to joining the company, Richards served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Qwest Communications where he oversaw the day-to-day operations and performance of Qwest and, before assuming that role, was Executive Vice President of the business markets group. Richards also served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Clear Communications Corporation, a network management software company and as executive vice president and management committee member of Ameritech Corporation, where he oversaw cellular, security monitoring, network services and cable television operations. Additionally, Richards worked for 19 years with Bell Atlantic, now Verizon, in various sales, marketing and operations roles in telecommunications and computer services. Richards is a 1976 graduate of the University of Pittsburgh, where he earned a B.A. in economics and a 1991 graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned an M.S. in management as a Sloan Fellow. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Junior Achievement of Chicago and Northern Trust Corporation, on the Board of Trustees for the University of Pittsburgh and Rush University Medical Center and is a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and the Executives' Club of Chicago. Read Less, 
Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7,000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning. Read More, 
Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 7,000 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning. For more than two decades, Berger has been a leader of human resources, serving in a variety of specialist and generalist roles. He has deep expertise in the fields of organizational effectiveness, executive compensation, and driving large-scale and complex change efforts. Prior to joining CDW in 2005, Berger spent 12 years with the Pepsi-Cola system (PepsiCo, Pepsi Bottling Group, and Pepsi Americas). Prior to Pepsi, Berger worked five years in human resources and labor relations for GTE Corporation. Berger earned an M.B.A. from the John M. Olin School of Business at Washington University in St. Louis, and a B.B.A. degree from Northeastern University in Boston. He is actively involved in a number of professional and HR organizations, and serves on the Board of Directors for the Anti-Defamation League of Chicago (ADL), Glenwood Academy and Skills for Chicagoland’s Future. Berger is a frequent speaker on organizational strategy and employee engagement. He lives in Chicago with his wife, Joan. They have two grown children. Read Less, 
Neal J. Campbell is responsible for the strategy and development of CDW’s advertising, public relations, channel marketing, marketing intelligence and research, merchandising, microsites, creative services and direct marketing content, along with relationship marketing, corporate communications and e-commerce initiatives including content development, online marketing and e-procurement. Read More, 
Neal J. Campbell is responsible for the strategy and development of CDW’s advertising, public relations, channel marketing, marketing intelligence and research, merchandising, microsites, creative services and direct marketing content, along with relationship marketing, corporate communications and e-commerce initiatives including content development, online marketing and e-procurement. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Campbell served as chief executive officer of TrafficCast, a provider of real-time and predictive traffic information to Google, Yahoo and others. He also served as executive vice president and general manager of strategic marketing and next generation products for ISCO International. Campbell spent 17 years with Motorola, most recently as vice president and general manager of GSM portfolio marketing and planning for the company’s mobile device business. Campbell earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University and an M.B.A. in finance and marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.  He serves on the Board of Directors of Junior Achievement of Chicago and is on the Executive Advisory Council of Bradley University.                  Read Less, 
Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More, 
Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek. Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. Read Less, 
Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Read More, 
Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for CDW’s technology specialist teams focusing on servers and storage, unified communications, security, wireless, power and cooling, networking, software licensing and mobility solutions. Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and assumed his current role in 2009. Prior to joining CDW, Eckrote worked in outside sales for Arrow Electronics and Cintas Uniform Company. Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders. Read Less, 
Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing. Read More, 
Neil Fairfield is Vice President and Controller for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing. Fairfield joined CDW in 2014 as director of financial accounting and served as acting controller from February 2015 to August 2015. Prior to joining CDW, Fairfield was senior vice president, corporate finance at HSBC North America. He also held finance and accounting positions in London with HFC Bank Limited, JPMorgan Chase and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He has extensive experience leading large teams and driving both organizational change and process re-engineering. Fairfield received his bachelor’s degree from Nottingham University and is a chartered accountant.  Read Less, 
Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses. Read More, 
Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses. Kebo joined CDW in 2008 after holding a series of senior finance positions with PepsiCo. Most recently, he was vice president of sales finance for PepsiCo’s Quaker, Tropicana and Gatorade businesses. Prior to that, Kebo served as vice president of finance and CFO for Gatorade North America. Kebo earned his M.B.A. in finance from Indiana University and a B.A. in economics from DePauw University. Read Less, 
Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Read More, 
Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Prior to joining CDW in 2002 as the Company’s first general counsel, Leahy was a corporate partner in the Chicago office of Sidley Austin LLP. Leahy earned her bachelor’s degree from Brown University and J.D. from Boston College Law School. She completed the CEO Perspective Program at Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, as well as the Women’s Director Development Program at Kellogg. Leahy is Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Children’s Home and Aid. She is also a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Network. In addition, Leahy is a founder and current sponsor of CDW’s Women’s Opportunity Network, a business resource group dedicated to helping women advance and grow into tomorrow’s leaders.   Read Less, 
Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution.  Read More, 
Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution.  Prior to joining CDW, she was President of Macrie & Associates, where her clients included numerous Fortune 500 firms in technology, healthcare, biotech and food industries.  Previously, Macrie also held leadership positions at Allstate Corporation, Cardinal Health and Ameritech. A Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Macrie began her career as an investment analyst at American Security Bank in Washington, DC where she was responsible for more than $100 million in assets. Macrie earned her B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland and master’s degree in Finance from Arizona State University.  She is former Board chair for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Business Civic Leadership Center and a member of the Chartered Financial Analysts Association. Read Less, 
Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More, 
Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. After joining CDW in 1991 as an  account manager, Rother quickly rose through the ranks. In 1998, she participated on the team that created CDW Government LLC (CDW-G), and in 2002 was appointed vice president for education, and state and local government sales. Rother’s responsibilities were expanded in 2005 when she was chosen to lead the company’s newly formed healthcare sales team. She served as group vice president of CDW-G from 2006 to 2009 when she became vice president of sales and president of CDW-G. In 2011, in addition to retaining her position as CDW-G president, Rother was promoted to senior vice president of sales, focusing on public sector and advanced technology sales. Prior to joining the company, Rother held a number of sales positions with technology companies including Laser Computers and Price Electronics. Rother earned a B.S. from the University of Illinois at Chicago. In addition to fostering educational improvements through her work at CDW-G, she also serves as chair of the board for the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Illinois. Read Less, 
Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Read More, 
Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR. Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC Read Less, 
Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers. Read More, 
Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers. Troka joined CDW in 1992 as an account manager. He quickly rose through the ranks and moved into sales management in 1995 as a sales manager. In 1998, Troka was promoted to corporate sales director and served in this capacity until 2001, when he was appointed senior director of purchasing. Prior to assuming his current role, Troka served as vice president of product and partner management from 2006-2011 and as vice president of purchasing beginning in 2004. Troka is a graduate of the University of Illinois with a B.S. in marketing and business administration. He is a board member of Encompass Championship Charities. Read Less, 
Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration. Read More, 
Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration. Welyki began his CDW career as director of tax and treasury. Prior to joining the CDW team, he served as tax director, vice president and treasurer for CCC Information Services. Before CCC Information Services, Welyki was a tax manager at Price Waterhouse. Welyki, a certified public accountant, earned a B.S. in accounting from University of Illinois. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Illinois CPA Society and the Tax Executives Institute.   Read Less, 
Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare. Read More, 
Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare. Ziegler is responsible for financial planning and analysis, accounting, treasury, tax, investor relations, risk management and internal audit. Ziegler joined the company in 2008 and brings her experience as a financial executive to the management team at CDW. Prior to joining CDW, she held a number of executive positions with Sara Lee including finance, strategy and general management roles in both U.S. and international businesses. Most recently she served as chief financial officer and senior vice president of administration for Sara Lee Food and Beverage.  Prior to joining Sara Lee, Ziegler was a corporate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Ziegler earned a bachelor's degree in economics from the College of William and Mary and a law degree from University of Chicago Law School. Ziegler serves on the Board of Directors of Hanesbrands, Inc., Groupon, Inc., and the Board of Governors of the Smart Museum of Art of the University of Chicago. Read Less, 
http://investor.cdw.com/management.cfm