
We've noticed you're using a version of Internet Explorer,  that is out of date and may not support all the features on our website. For a better browsing experience, we suggest upgrading to a newer version of Internet Explorer, .
We've noticed you're using a version of Internet Explorer that is out of date and may not support all the features on our website. For a better browsing experience, we suggest upgrading to a newer version of Internet Explorer. Close, 
About Us,  Our Approach Our Approach The DuPont approach to solving global challenges is rooted in our science and engineering expertise. > Global Challenges Our expertise and global reach help promote safety and health for the planet and its inhabitants. > Strategic Priorities Our focus revolves around Agriculture & Nutrition, Advanced Materials and Bio-Based Industrials. > Innovation Delivery We create a bridge from need to market with expert insights, peerless science and technical skills. > Perspectives Learn about our businesses, products and unique approach to solving global challenges. Our Company Our Company See what makes DuPont one of the most successful science and engineering companies in the world. > Values Our core values govern our internal business practices and partnerships, and guide our innovations. > Leadership Meet our Chair and CEO, board of directors, corporate executives, and regional and functional leaders. > Businesses We develop innovative, practical solutions that address the challenges of our changing world. > History For more than two centuries, DuPont has delivered innovative solutions to tackle global challenges. > Awards & Recognition Our company and its employees make a difference in their communities and beyond. > Locations Find DuPont offices and sites around the world. Sustainability Sustainability DuPont creates solutions for safe, sufficient crops; renewable energy; and protection for the planet. > Sustainability Commitments We work closely with partners to improve our global operations, and uphold our purpose and values. > Outreach We support communities where we live and work, and help improve quality of life through STEM education. > Leading with Innovation Our world-class, innovative approach provides solutions for some of the world's biggest challenges.
Our Company,  Our Company,  See what makes DuPont one of the most successful science and engineering companies in the world. > Values Our core values govern our internal business practices and partnerships, and guide our innovations. > Leadership Meet our Chair and CEO, board of directors, corporate executives, and regional and functional leaders. > Businesses We develop innovative, practical solutions that address the challenges of our changing world. > History For more than two centuries, DuPont has delivered innovative solutions to tackle global challenges. > Awards & Recognition Our company and its employees make a difference in their communities and beyond. > Locations Find DuPont offices and sites around the world.
> Values,  Our core values govern our internal business practices and partnerships, and guide our innovations.
> Leadership,  Meet our Chair and CEO, board of directors, corporate executives, and regional and functional leaders.
Product Lines,  Agricultural Products > Animal Nutrition & Disease Prevention DuPont is helping to meet increased global demand for affordable meat products with optimized in-feed animal nutrition and... > Crop Protection DuPont Crop Protection uses inclusive thinking to create answers in insect, weed and disease control that help growers... > Seed Growing success with Pioneer® brand agricultural seeds. Proven performance and plenty of options – that's what our product... Food & Personal Care > Dietary Supplement Ingredients Dietary supplement ingredients with clinically documented, health-enhancing effects. > Food Ingredients DuPont brings together a wide range of sustainable food ingredients to increase the quality of food products, while... > Food Protection DuPont offers a broad range of food protection products to help you meet the rigorous standards of your food safety programs... > Personal Care From skin care to hair care, DuPont Personal Care products are designed to serve a variety of your needs. High Performance Materials > Construction Materials Includes brands like: Corian® solid surface, Elvaloy® resins, Sorona® flooring, Tyvek® weather barriers, and Zodiaq® quartz... > Display & Lighting Materials DuPont offers innovative solutions to improve performance while reducing the manufacturing cost of LED lighting and displays. > Electronic & Electrical Materials DuPont offers the industry’s broadest array of high performance electronic and electrical materials. > Industrial Films DuPont offers materials with unique properties that withstand extreme temperatures and other demanding environments. > Materials for Sporting Goods Industry The demands of the sporting goods industry require the use of consistent, high performing yet cost effective materials.... > Packaging Materials & Solutions DuPont experts work with customers to create specialized, cost-effective packaging solutions that deliver high performance... > Printing & Package Printing DuPont offers high quality, productivity and sustainable solutions for the printing and package printing industry. > Solar / Photovoltaic Materials For over 40 years our innovations in PV materials have led the photovoltaics industry forward. Industrial Biotechnology > Advanced Biofuels DuPont is committed to reducing dependence on fossil fuels with cost-effective manufacturing of cellulosic ethanol and other... > Industrial Enzymes & Other Bioactives DuPont develops biobased solutions using enzymes, microbes, and other bioactives to help improve the performance and... People & Process Safety > Consulting Services & Process Technologies DuPont brings two centuries of real-world experience to client engagements, applying best practices we’ve developed in our... > Personal Protective Equipment Learn more about Kevlar® fiber for ballistic and cut protection, Nomex® fiber for flame hazards, and Tyvek® and Tychem®... Polymers & Fibers > Additives & Modifiers We help our customers cost-effectively overcome their challenges with our range of additives and modifiers for polymers. > Fabrics, Fibers & Non-Wovens Learn more about Kevlar® aramid fiber for cut and ballistic protection, Nomex® fiber for heat and flame hazards, and Tyvek®... > Plastics, Polymers & Resins DuPont collaborates with customers around the world, providing a spectrum of polymer materials and expert application...
High Performance Materials,  > Construction Materials Includes brands like: Corian® solid surface, Elvaloy® resins, Sorona® flooring, Tyvek® weather barriers, and Zodiaq® quartz... > Display & Lighting Materials DuPont offers innovative solutions to improve performance while reducing the manufacturing cost of LED lighting and displays. > Electronic & Electrical Materials DuPont offers the industry’s broadest array of high performance electronic and electrical materials. > Industrial Films DuPont offers materials with unique properties that withstand extreme temperatures and other demanding environments. > Materials for Sporting Goods Industry The demands of the sporting goods industry require the use of consistent, high performing yet cost effective materials.... > Packaging Materials & Solutions DuPont experts work with customers to create specialized, cost-effective packaging solutions that deliver high performance... > Printing & Package Printing DuPont offers high quality, productivity and sustainable solutions for the printing and package printing industry. > Solar / Photovoltaic Materials For over 40 years our innovations in PV materials have led the photovoltaics industry forward.
> Construction Materials,  Includes brands like: Corian® solid surface, Elvaloy® resins, Sorona® flooring, Tyvek® weather barriers, and Zodiaq® quartz...
Industries Served,  > Agriculture Agriculture DuPont Agriculture offerings deliver global nutrition through higher crop yields and healthier foods while developing solutions to help meet the world's energy needs. > Automotive Automotive See how our broad family of materials and global development experts can help the automotive industry reduce emissions and improve fuel economy, design, safety, and affordability. > Building & Construction Building & Construction At DuPont, we're focused on dynamic science that generates real-world solutions. That's why DuPont is at the forefront of building science, with brands you depend on, like Tyvek®, SentryGlas®, Corian® solid surfaces, Zodiaq® quartz surfaces and Kevlar®. > Electronics Electronics With a deep understanding of materials science, a commitment to technology leadership, a wide range of process expertise and a long history of innovation, DuPont offers the industry’s broadest array of high performance electronic materials. > Energy Energy With the world’s population projected to surpass 9 billion by 2050, now is the time to prepare for a secure energy future. We invite you to collaborate with our global teams to find science-driven, sustainable energy solutions. > Food & Beverage Food & Beverage At DuPont, we're putting science to work in the food and beverage industry — improving the nutritional value of food, ensuring food safety, and finding smart, sustainable solutions to feed a growing population. > Government & Public Sector Government & Public Sector DuPont Government & Public Sector solutions address the unique requirements of federal, state and local government agencies—particularly in the areas of life protection and emergency response. > Health Care & Medical Health Care & Medical DuPont offers a broad range of healthcare products and high-performance materials that help create safer healthcare environments, contribute to innovations in medical devices and help protect the health of patients and healthcare providers worldwide. > Marine Marine DuPont brings science-powered technologies, products and services to the marine industry that facilitate regulatory compliance enhance performance and promote safety. > Mining Mining Dupont Mining products and services help improve extraction, personal protection, safety and more. Processing and transporting of highly abrasive and corrosive, bitumen, slurry and tailings require the innovation and technology that DuPont can provide. > Packaging & Printing Packaging & Printing DuPont provides end-to-end technical expertise and a wide range of cost-effective materials to help create packaging innovations that support partners' branding, performance, and sustainability goals. > Plastics Plastics Today you need more from your suppliers than just materials. You need a resource that can carry a project from concept to commercialization. DuPont Performance Polymers can be that partner. > Safety & Protection Safety & Protection In the face of growing global industrialization, DuPont takes safety and protection seriously. Learn how DuPont continues to improve upon its materials and workplace safety performance to help keep all of us safe in the toughest conditions. Industries Served,  Learn about the many industries that DuPont serves in the United States.
> Marine,  Marine DuPont brings science-powered technologies, products and services to the marine industry that facilitate regulatory compliance enhance performance and promote safety.
Facebook,  Twitter,  LinkedIn, 
Facebook,  Twitter,  LinkedIn, 
Senior Leadership DuPont senior leaders are responsible for driving our vision — to be the world’s most dynamic science company. Learn more about our executive team. > Learn More, 
Core Values Our core values govern our internal business practices, set expectations for how we interact with our partners and guide our market-facing innovations. > Learn More, 
www.dupont.com/corporate-functions/our-company/leadership.html