
Cigna Healthcare, Login to myCigna Find a Doctor
Login to myCigna, Find a Doctor, 
Financial and Debt Ratings, Debt Instruments, Financial FAQ, Analyst Coverage, Contact Investor Relations, 
Events and Sponsorships, About the Walt Disney World® Marathon Weekend About the Disneyland® Half Marathon Weekend Preparing to Race Stay Connected with Team Cigna
Login to myCigna, Find a Doctor, 
Analyst Coverage, 
Events and Sponsorships, back Events and Sponsorships, About the Walt Disney World® Marathon Weekend About the Disneyland® Half Marathon Weekend Preparing to Race Stay Connected with Team Cigna
Analyst Coverage, 
Events and Sponsorships, back Events and Sponsorships, About the Walt Disney World® Marathon Weekend About the Disneyland® Half Marathon Weekend Preparing to Race Stay Connected with Team Cigna
David Cordani, President and CEO, Cigna Corporation. Read more
President and CEO, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Lisa Bacus, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Marketing Officer, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Mark Boxer, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Herb Fritch, President, Cigna-HealthSpring. Read more
President, Cigna-HealthSpring. Read more, 
Nicole Jones, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Matthew Manders, President, U.S. Commercial Markets and Global Health Care Operations, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Alan Muney, MD, MHA Chief Medical Officer, Cigna Corporation. Read more
John Murabito, Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Services, Cigna Corporation. Read more
Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Services, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Thomas McCarthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Jason Sadler, President, International Markets, Cigna Corporation. Read more
President, International Markets, Cigna Corporation. Read more, 
Find A Doctor, 
Mobile Apps, 
Get Cigna mobile apps, 
Find a doctor, 
Products & Solutions for... Individuals & Families, Cigna Medicare, Cigna Through Work, Businesses, Brokers, Third Party Administrators, Taft Hartley and Federal Plans, Supplier Community, All Products & Services, 
Weibo, 
Individual and family medical and dental insurance plans are insured by Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (CHLIC). In Arizona, individual HMO plans are insured by Cigna HealthCare of Arizona, Inc. Group health insurance and health benefit plans are insured or administered by CHLIC, Connecticut General Life Insurance Company (CGLIC), or their affiliates (see a listing of the legal entities, that insure or administer group HMO, dental HMO, and other products or services in your state). Group Universal Life (GUL) insurance plans are insured by CGLIC. Life (other than GUL), accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity, and disability plans are insured or administered by Life Insurance Company of North America, except in NY, where insured plans are offered by Cigna Life Insurance Company of New York. All insurance policies and group benefit plans contain exclusions and limitations. For availability, costs and complete details of coverage, contact a licensed agent or Cigna sales representative. This website is not intended for residents of New Mexico.
www.cigna.com/about-us/leadership-team/