
Jacqueline Hinman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
THE NEXT, GENERATION, CH2M is committed to developing and fostering a diverse talent pipeline. Learn how the CH2M Foundation and our employees support a wide range of STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) programs that ignite young student’s passions and then keep them engaged through university.
Omur Akay, SVP & Executive Program Director, Dubai 2020 Expo Development & Delivery A program is successful when clients and stakeholders are aligned around a common vision, giving all participants a sense of ownership in the outcome. Meet Omur, 
Meaghan Hoyle, I am passionate about solving problems. Each community we engage with requires unique attention, and I like feeling confident that we are setting our clients up for success. Meet Meaghan, 
Duyen Tran, Because I love what I do, I do my best. It takes very special people to operate buildings, treatment plants, public works departments and so on. Meet Duyen, 
Mark Hipwell, Graduate Bridge Engineer I’m building a motorway that will eventually make people’s lives easier. I’m very proud of what I do and I enjoy every minute. Meet Mark, 
Elizabeth Sreeves, Graduate Engineering Geologist There is nothing more rewarding than getting the answers, finding the solution and seeing a project through to construction. Meet Elizabeth, 
Dyan Foss, Global Managing Director, Nuclear There is always an element that we need to go the extra mile; we need to make sure we're doing everything we can, not just for the client but for the community at large. Meet Dyan, 
Tamra Gregory, Code Compliance Manager
Greg Venette, 
Rick Abelson, Global Director, Urban Environments & Sports
Susannah Kerr Adler, Transit & Rail Technology Practice Lead, Transportation Washington, DC
Manuel Aguirre, Senior Vice President and Regional Managing Director, Latin America Buenos Aires, AR
Omur Akay, SVP & Executive Program Director, Dubai 2020 Expo Development & Delivery
Mohammed Alghubari, Project Engineer Riyadh, SA (CH2M Olayan)
Feras Alonaizan, Program Support Manager Riyadh, SA (CH2M Olayan)
Kyle Arnold, Lead Mechanic
Gene Baskin, 
Joanna Bensz, Country Manager, Poland Krakow, PL
Tomasz Bernady, Highway Team Leader Warsaw, PL
Witold Bonior, Design Manager Krakow, PL
Katie Born, Environmental Consultant Glasgow, GB
Daniel Buonadonna, Global Technology Lead
http://www.ch2m.com/our-people