Clay C. Williams	title	President	Clay C. Williams, President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, Clay Williams is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Previously, he served as NOV’s President and Chief Operating Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to its merger with National Oilwell, Clay served as Varco’s Chief Financial Officer. He also served as Vice President of finance, Vice President of corporate development, and Vice President of pipeline services for Varco and Tuboscope before the merger between the two companies. Before Tuboscope, he worked for SCF Partners and Shell Oil Company. Clay also currently serves as a director of Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Clay has a Bachelor of Science in Civil and Geological Engineering from Princeton University and holds a Master’s of Business Administration from the University of Texas.,
Clay C. Williams	title	Chairman	Clay C. Williams, President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, Clay Williams is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Previously, he served as NOV’s President and Chief Operating Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to its merger with National Oilwell, Clay served as Varco’s Chief Financial Officer. He also served as Vice President of finance, Vice President of corporate development, and Vice President of pipeline services for Varco and Tuboscope before the merger between the two companies. Before Tuboscope, he worked for SCF Partners and Shell Oil Company. Clay also currently serves as a director of Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Clay has a Bachelor of Science in Civil and Geological Engineering from Princeton University and holds a Master’s of Business Administration from the University of Texas.,
Clay C. Williams	title	Chief Executive Officer	Clay C. Williams, President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, Clay Williams is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Previously, he served as NOV’s President and Chief Operating Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to its merger with National Oilwell, Clay served as Varco’s Chief Financial Officer. He also served as Vice President of finance, Vice President of corporate development, and Vice President of pipeline services for Varco and Tuboscope before the merger between the two companies. Before Tuboscope, he worked for SCF Partners and Shell Oil Company. Clay also currently serves as a director of Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Clay has a Bachelor of Science in Civil and Geological Engineering from Princeton University and holds a Master’s of Business Administration from the University of Texas.,
Jose Bayardo	title	Senior Vice President	Jose Bayardo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jose Bayardo is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Prior to joining NOV in 2015, Jose served as Senior Vice President, Resource and Business Development at Continental Resources, Inc. and spent nine years serving in various roles at Complete Production Services, Inc. including Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Prior to joining Complete Production Services, Jose was an investment banker with J.P. Morgan. Jose brings a wealth of financial experience to NOV having worked both in the oil and gas industry and in investment banking during his career. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin, a Master of Engineering Management from the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern University and a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Jose Bayardo	title	Chief Financial Officer	Jose Bayardo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jose Bayardo is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Prior to joining NOV in 2015, Jose served as Senior Vice President, Resource and Business Development at Continental Resources, Inc. and spent nine years serving in various roles at Complete Production Services, Inc. including Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Prior to joining Complete Production Services, Jose was an investment banker with J.P. Morgan. Jose brings a wealth of financial experience to NOV having worked both in the oil and gas industry and in investment banking during his career. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin, a Master of Engineering Management from the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern University and a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Hege Kverneland	title	Corporate Vice President	Hege Kverneland, Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Hege Kverneland currently holds the position as Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer,  at National Oilwell Varco. She has over 20 years of engineering and product management experience, contributing to quality assurance, research, and product development. Hege began with FluScan in 1991, later acquired by Hitec in 1994. In 1999, National Oilwell Varco acquired Hitec, at which point Hege became a part of the NOV family. In 2001, Hege became Corporate R&D manager at NOV and held this position until 2009 before transitioning to her current position. Throughout her career, she contributed many new product developments such as a new mud pump design, different PM-motor designs, and heave compensation systems. She has authored numerous SPE/IADC papers within drilling as well as two textbooks on Offshore Hydraulics. Hege received a Master’s of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science in 1990 and graduated from the General Management Program(GMP) at Harvard Business School in 2009.
Hege Kverneland	title	Chief Technology Officer	Hege Kverneland, Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Hege Kverneland currently holds the position as Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer,  at National Oilwell Varco. She has over 20 years of engineering and product management experience, contributing to quality assurance, research, and product development. Hege began with FluScan in 1991, later acquired by Hitec in 1994. In 1999, National Oilwell Varco acquired Hitec, at which point Hege became a part of the NOV family. In 2001, Hege became Corporate R&D manager at NOV and held this position until 2009 before transitioning to her current position. Throughout her career, she contributed many new product developments such as a new mud pump design, different PM-motor designs, and heave compensation systems. She has authored numerous SPE/IADC papers within drilling as well as two textbooks on Offshore Hydraulics. Hege received a Master’s of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science in 1990 and graduated from the General Management Program(GMP) at Harvard Business School in 2009.
David Reid	title	Chief Marketing Officer	David Reid, Chief Marketing Officer, David Reid is Chief Marketing Officer,  at National Oilwell Varco (NOV). He is charged with developing the market and strategic engine of NOV across regional operations and business segments in order to offer their customers a most valued position in their relative markets. David joined Varco International in 1992, and has lived in Scotland, California and Houston while working world-wide in a number of roles covering business development, product development, leadership, and management. David Reid serves on the NOV and Schlumberger IntelliServ Joint Venture Board, as well as the IADC Executive Board as the Vice President for Services, and is a founding member of the SPE Drilling Systems Automation Technical Section.
Isaac Joseph	title	President	Isaac Joseph, President, NOV Wellbore Technologies, Isaac Joseph is President of the NOV Wellbore Technologies Segment of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Isaac began his oil & gas career with Tennessee Gas Pipeline. He worked in various positions from 1982 to 1995 in sales, operations and sales management roles for Plastic Applicators and Tuboscope Vetco International. He later joined ICO Worldwide in 1995, was promoted to Senior Vice President of Sales and named President in 1998. In 2002, Tuboscope acquired ICO and Isaac was named Vice President, Western Hemisphere. After the merger of National Oilwell and Varco, he was named President of Tuboscope where he led a global team of more than 6,500 employees. Isaac graduated from the University of Southwestern Louisiana, obtaining a Bachelor’s degree in business management.,
Joe Rovig	title	President	Joe Rovig, President, Rig Systems and Rig Aftermarket, Joe Rovig is the President of the Rig Systems & Aftermarket group of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Joe joined National Oilwell Varco in 2002. He has served as Group Vice President of Global Operations, Vice President of the Eastern Hemisphere, Director of Service and Repair and Senior Vice President of the Offshore Drilling Equipment group within NOV’s Rig Solutions division. Prior to joining NOV, he worked for two drilling contractors in various positions, both domestically and internationally. His internationally-based positions cover twenty years of experience with multiple locations in Asia and Europe.,
Kirk Shelton	title	President	Kirk Shelton, President, Completion and Production Solutions, Kirk Shelton began his career with TRW Mission, now a part of National Oilwell Varco (NOV), in 1980 working in various inside sales and operations, outside sales, and sales management roles in Oklahoma, North Dakota, and South Texas. After TRW sold Mission to Sandvik, who eventually sold their drilling related products to National Oilwell in 1989, he became Regional Manager of this division before becoming Global Sales and Operations Manager for National Oilwell’s drilling related products in 1998. Two years later, Kirk became Vice President of Sales and Operations for all products sold under the Mission banner. In 2007, Kirk became President of this group, which became part of the Completion and Production Solutions segment in 2014. This segment serves a variety of well intervention service production systems and subsea production technologies. Kirk graduated from East Central University, obtaining a Bachelor’s degree in Management with a background in Marketing.,
Craig L. Weinstock	title	Senior Vice President	Craig L. Weinstock, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Craig Weinstock joined National Oilwell Varco (NOV) in October 2013 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Counsel, . He previously served as Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President of Internal Audit. Before joining NOV he was a partner in the Locke Lord Bissell & Liddell, LLP law firm and clerk for U.S. District Court Judge Robert Parker. Craig brings significant experience and expertise to NOV in the areas of compliance and representing Boards of Directors, Audit Committees, individual directors, and corporate officers. Craig counseled Boards of Directors, Audit Committees and management for oilfield services companies and E&P companies regarding securities, governance, anti-corruption, trade compliance and other matters. He has extensive trial and appellate experience in federal and state trial court and has prosecuted and defended numerous cases involving complex securities and derivative issues. Craig obtained his Bachelor of Arts from the State University of New York at Albany in 1980 and his Juris Doctor from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1983.
Craig L. Weinstock	title	General Counsel	Craig L. Weinstock, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Craig Weinstock joined National Oilwell Varco (NOV) in October 2013 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Counsel, . He previously served as Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President of Internal Audit. Before joining NOV he was a partner in the Locke Lord Bissell & Liddell, LLP law firm and clerk for U.S. District Court Judge Robert Parker. Craig brings significant experience and expertise to NOV in the areas of compliance and representing Boards of Directors, Audit Committees, individual directors, and corporate officers. Craig counseled Boards of Directors, Audit Committees and management for oilfield services companies and E&P companies regarding securities, governance, anti-corruption, trade compliance and other matters. He has extensive trial and appellate experience in federal and state trial court and has prosecuted and defended numerous cases involving complex securities and derivative issues. Craig obtained his Bachelor of Arts from the State University of New York at Albany in 1980 and his Juris Doctor from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1983.
Loren Singletary	title	Vice President	Loren Singletary, Vice President of Investor and Industry Relations, Loren Singletary is Vice President of Investor and Industry Relations,  and is responsible for the Noble Drilling account at the executive level. Loren joined National Oilwell Varco in 2003 as Vice President of Global Accounts, and responsibilities of Investor Relations were later added to his role. His work history includes broad experience in sales, marketing, pricing and forecasting activities. From 1998 to 2003, he was a co-owner and President of LSI Interests, Ltd., an oilfield distribution company specializing in electrical products and cabling that was acquired by National Oilwell. In addition to his vast experience in the oilfield service sector, Loren has also been involved in the upstream E&P sector, both onshore and offshore, as a private investor for the past 20 years and is currently on the Board of Directors for Vanguard Natural Resources. Additionally, he also serves as Chairman of the NOV/Schlumberger IntelliServ Joint Venture. Loren attended the University of Texas and received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance in 1971. Loren served in the United States Marine Corps Reserves from 1970 – 1976.
Scott Duff	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Scott Duff, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President & Corporate Controller, Scott Duff has been the Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Corporate Controller of National Oilwell Varco (NOV) since 2014. Scott served as NOV’s Vice President of Internal Audit since 2005. Prior to joining NOV, he held accounting positions at KPMG, Ernst & Young and SBC. Scott holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio and is a Certified Public Accountant.,
Scott Duff	title	Vice President	Scott Duff, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President & Corporate Controller, Scott Duff has been the Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Corporate Controller of National Oilwell Varco (NOV) since 2014. Scott served as NOV’s Vice President of Internal Audit since 2005. Prior to joining NOV, he held accounting positions at KPMG, Ernst & Young and SBC. Scott holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio and is a Certified Public Accountant.,
Scott Duff	title	Corporate Controller	Scott Duff, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President & Corporate Controller, Scott Duff has been the Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Corporate Controller of National Oilwell Varco (NOV) since 2014. Scott served as NOV’s Vice President of Internal Audit since 2005. Prior to joining NOV, he held accounting positions at KPMG, Ernst & Young and SBC. Scott holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio and is a Certified Public Accountant.,
Bonnie  Houston	title	Senior Vice President	Bonnie  Houston,  Senior Vice President Human Resources & Administration, Bonnie Houston is Senior Vice President Human Resources and Administration. In this role, she is responsible for the Company’s human resources, organizational development, physical security and travel functions. Bonnie joined National Oilwell Varco in 2005 as part of the Next Generation Program, and has since held various roles in HR, most recently serving as Director of Organizational Development. Bonnie obtained her Bachelor of Science in Economics from Texas A&M University and her Master’s of Business Administration from Rice University.,
Bonnie  Houston	employee_of	Human Resources & Administration	Bonnie  Houston,  Senior Vice President Human Resources & Administration, Bonnie Houston is Senior Vice President Human Resources and Administration. In this role, she is responsible for the Company’s human resources, organizational development, physical security and travel functions. Bonnie joined National Oilwell Varco in 2005 as part of the Next Generation Program, and has since held various roles in HR, most recently serving as Director of Organizational Development. Bonnie obtained her Bachelor of Science in Economics from Texas A&M University and her Master’s of Business Administration from Rice University.,
Bill Crabbe	title	Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer	Bill Crabbe, Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer, Bill Crabbe began his career with The Brandt Co., now a part of National Oilwell Varco (NOV), in 1978 and currently serves as NOV Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer, . After four years with The Brandt Co., Bill joined Derrick Equipment Co. as General Manager, Vice President and eventually President. In 2001, Bill joined Varco as Vice President of Varco Drilling Equipment in charge of global service, installation and commissioning, inside sales, repair and training. Upon the merger of NOI and Varco, Bill returned to his early roots in the solids control business with WellSite Services, where he stayed until mid-2013 when he assumed the role of Global Account Vice President for NOV and then Senior Vice President for Far East Operations. Bill obtained his Master’s degree from Emporia State University in 1974.
Alex Philips	title	Chief Information Officer	Alex Philips, Chief Information Officer, Alex Philips is the Chief Information Officer,  of National Oilwell Varco (NOV). In this position, Alex is responsible for overseeing all aspects of Information Technologies, Systems, Applications and Security to further our strategic goals. Alex joined Phoenix Energy Services, now a part of National Oilwell Varco (NOV), in 1997 as an IT Network Administrator. During Alex’s 17-year tenure at NOV he has served in various roles including IT Infrastructure Manager, ERP Director and, most recently, Chief Information Security Officer. Alex is a graduate of Rice University with a Master of Business Administration.
Rodney Reed	title	Vice President	Rodney Reed, Vice President Corporate Development, Rodney Reed is Vice President Corporate Development,  for National Oilwell Varco (NOV), where he has global responsibility for mergers and acquisition, developing a transaction strategy and supporting strategic planning. Rodney joined NOV in 2014 as Senior Manager, Internal Audit. Prior to joining NOV, he was a Senior Manager, Audit with Ernst & Young LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Master of Science in Accounting from Louisiana State University.
