
John L. Walsh, President and, Chief Executive Officer, UGI Corporation Vice Chairman, AmeriGas Partners John L. Walsh, Jr. was named President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Corp in April 2013. In addition, Mr. Walsh has served as Vice Chairman of AmeriGas Propane, Inc. and UGI Utilities, Inc. since 2005. Prior to these roles, Mr. Walsh served as President and Chief Executive Officer for UGI Utilities from 2009 to 2011. Prior to joining UGI, Mr. Walsh spent 19 years with BOC Group plc, serving as Vice President of Special Gases before holding several senior management position, including President of Process Gas Solutions, President of BOC Process Plants, and Chief Executive of the Industrial and Special Products Division. He was also an Executive Director of BOC from 2001 to 2005. Mr. Walsh holds a BA in Economics and an MBA in Finance and Marketing, both from Harvard University. Jerry E. Sheridan, President and, Chief Executive Officer, AmeriGas Partners Jerry E. Sheridan was named President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriGas Partners, L.P. in March 2012. Previously, Mr. Sheridan served as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Operations, as well as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining AmeriGas, Mr. Sheridan spent 9 years serving in various capacities with PQ Corporation, including President and Chief Executive Officer of Potters Industries, its engineered glass materials division. Mr. Sheridan holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Delaware and an MBA from the University of Maryland. He is a certified public accountant. Roger Perreault, President, UGI International Mr. Perreault is President of UGI International. Prior to joining UGI, Mr. Perreault spent 21 years with Air Liquide, serving in various leadership positions. Mr. Perreault served as President, Large Industries from 2008-2014 with responsibility for Air Liquide’s North American large industries business. Prior to that, he served as President, Air Liquide Brazil from 2005 to 2008 and President, Air Liquide Chile from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Perreault joined Air Liquide Canada in 1994 and held various positions from operations management to General Management. Prior to joining Air Liquide, Mr. Perreault was a Production Manager with I.C.I. Explosives in Quebec, Canada., Mr. Perreault holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Ryerson University in Toronto, Ontario and a Graduate Diploma of Applied Management from McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. He also completed the International Development Program at INSEAD and, in 2014, graduated from the Advanced Management Program (AMP) at INSEAD in Fontainebleu, France. Daniel J. Platt, Vice President and, Chief Financial Officer, UGI Utilities, Inc. Daniel J. Platt is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UGI Utilities, Inc. Prior to his current role, Mr. Platt served as Treasurer of UGI Corporation. Prior to joining UGI, Mr. Platt was Treasurer of Sunoco, Inc. and Sunoco Logistics Partners, LLC (“Sunoco Logistics”), Assistant Treasurer of Sunoco, Inc., and most recently Director-Business Development of Sunoco Logistics. Prior to joining Sunoco Logistics, Dan held treasury positions of increasing responsibility at Technitrol, Inc. (now Pulse Electronics), EB Games (now Game Stop), Aetna U.S. Healthcare, and Delaware Valley Financial Services. Marie-Dominique Ortiz-Landazabal, Vice President and, Chief Accounting Officer, UGI Corporation Marie-Dominique Ortiz-Landazabal is Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President – Accounting and Financial Control of UGI Corporation. Prior to this role, Mrs. Ortiz-Landazabal served as General Auditor of the Company. Prior to joining UGI Corporation in 2012, Mrs. Ortiz-Landazabal served as Manager, Accounting Policies and Specialty Accounting at Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. She previously spent 15 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP Assurance Practice holding positions of increasing responsibilities and serving numerous Fortune 500 companies and private companies. Mrs. Ortiz-Landazabal holds a business degree from Ecole Superieure de Commerce Le Havre / Caen. She is a Certified Public Accountant. Neil Murphy, Managing Director, AvantiGas Neil Murphy joined AvantiGas as the new Managing Director in August 2012. Neil most recently served as Director & General Manager at Air Products Electronics Division, Europe and Middle East. Prior to this, he has served in various senior management roles throughout Europe and North America. Kirk R. Oliver, Chief Financial Officer, UGI Corporation Kirk R. Oliver was previously Senior Managing Director & COO of InfraREIT Capital Partners, LLC, a partnership structured to enable the ownership of infrastructure assets through Real Estate Investment Trusts. Prior to joining InfraREIT Capital, Oliver served in various executive roles in the energy industry, including Chief Financial Officer of Allegheny Energy, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of TXU Corp. Prior to joining TXU Corp., Oliver spent eleven years as an investment banker in the Global Power and Energy Group at Lehman Brothers and six years at Motorola Inc., Oliver holds an MBA with a concentration in Finance and International Business from the University of Chicago and a BSEE from Lawrence Technological University in Southfield, Michigan. Robert F. Beard, President and, Chief Executive Officer, UGI Utilities Inc. Robert F. (Bob) Beard has been President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Utilities, Inc. since September 2011 and has over 20 years of experience in the gas utility industry. Previously, Mr. Beard served as Vice President of Marketing, Rates, and Gas Supply of UGI Utilities. Prior to joining UGI, Mr. Beard was Vice President of Operations and Engineering of PPL Gas Utilities Corporation, from 2002 until 2006. He holds a bachelor’s degree and a Masters of Management degree from Penn State University. Bradley C. Hall, Vice President, New Business Development, President of UGI Enterprises and UGI Energy Services Bradley C. Hall is Vice President, New Business Development and also serves as President of UGI Enterprises and UGI Energy Services. He joined the Company in 1982 and has held various positions, including Vice President, Marketing and Rates for UGI Utilities. Davinder S. Athwal, Vice President and, Chief Financial Officer, UGI International Chief Risk Officer, UGI Corporation Mr. Athwal is Vice President - Accounting and Financial Control and Chief Risk Officer (since January 2009). He previously served as the Global Mergers & Acquisitions Controller of Nortel Networks, Inc., a global supplier of telecommunications equipment and solutions from 2007 through 2008. Mr. Athwal served as Director, Global Revenue Governance for Nortel Networks, Inc. from 2006 through 2007. Mr. Athwal previously served in both accounting and risk management roles for IBM Corporation, a globally integrated innovation and technology company (2003 to 2006). Monica Gaudiosi, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, UGI Corporation Ms. Gaudiosi is Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (since April 2012). She also serves as Vice President and Secretary of AmeriGas Propane, Inc. and UGI Utilities, Inc. (since April 2012). Prior to joining UGI, Ms. Gaudiosi served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel (2007 to 2012) and Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel (2005 to 2007) of Southern Union Company. Prior to joining Southern Union Company in 2005, Ms. Gaudiosi held various positions with General Electric Capital Corporation (1997 to 2005). Before joining General Electric Capital Corporation, Ms. Gaudiosi was an associate at the law firms of Hunton & Williams (1994 to 1997) and Sutherland, Asbill & Brennan (1988 to 1994). Eric Naddeo, Chief Executive Officer, Antargaz Mr. Eric Naddeo was appointed Director General of Antargaz effective October 12, 2011., Previously, he served as Deputy Managing Director since October 2009. From 2001 to 2009, he served as Logistics and Industrial Department Director. He joined Antargaz in 1990 and held various sales positions including Regional Manager. Mr. Naddeo holds an Engineering degree from Ecole Nationale Supérieure d’Arts et Métiers., 
http://www.ugicorp.com/about-us/leadership/