
Skip to content,  Menu Search for: About Leadership Our Businesses Global Recent Awards Corporate Citizenship Citizenship Reports Responsible Supply Chain Policies and Approaches Investor Relations Events and Presentations Investor Relations News Reports Forms Corporate Governance Frequently Asked Questions Careers Environment Environmental Impact Disney Conservation Fund Related Downloads Philanthropy Charitable Giving Volunteering Be Inspired Related Downloads News About Leadership Our Businesses Global Recent Awards Corporate Citizenship Citizenship Reports Responsible Supply Chain Policies and Approaches Close ABOUT THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY Our Mission The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to be one of the world’s leading producers and providers of entertainment and information. Using our portfolio of brands to differentiate our content, services and consumer products, we seek to develop the most creative, innovative and profitable entertainment experiences and related products in the world. Leadership Disney’s leadership team manages the world’s largest media company and are the visionaries behind some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. Their strategic direction for The Walt Disney Company focuses on generating the best creative content possible, fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology, while expanding into new markets around the world. Management Team A commitment to excellence, creativity and innovation. Our executive team's vision and strategic direction deliver stories, characters and experiences that are welcomed into the hearts and homes of millions of families around the world. Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF Andy Bird Chairman, Walt Disney International, The Walt Disney Company Andy Bird Chairman, Walt Disney International, The Walt Disney Company As chairman, Walt Disney International, Andy Bird is responsible for Disney’s businesses outside of the United States. Reporting to Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, Mr. Bird and his global team develop and implement strategies to increase Disney brand affinity and awareness in key international markets, introduce new customers and guests to Disney’s unique storytelling legacy and iconic characters, and invest in and maximize opportunities in emerging markets. Since joining The Walt Disney Company in 2004, Mr. Bird has greatly expanded Disney presence around the world. During his tenure, Disney has: acquired UTV, one of India’s premier media and entertainment companies reaching almost 250 million consumers through film, television and interactive media; launched free-to-air Disney Channels in Russia, Turkey and Spain; launched Dlife, Japan’s first foreign-owned and free-to-air channel targeting women and families; increased local production, particularly for television content; and reorganized and integrated Disney’s international structure and leadership ranks. Prior to joining Disney, Mr. Bird spent nearly a decade with Time Warner, joining in 1994 as senior vice president and general manager of Turner Entertainment Networks Limited. He rose to president of TBS International in 2000, and became responsible for all TBS broadcasting outside of the continental U.S. Between 1989 and 1994, Mr. Bird held a number of positions in radio and television in Europe, including helping to start a music channel, producing and directing a popular London-based morning TV program, and producing a Saturday morning children's TV show. In 1992, Mr. Bird was tapped by Unique Broadcasting, the largest independent radio production company in the United Kingdom, to start up and operate Unique Television. Mr. Bird began his career with Piccadilly Radio in Manchester, England, as breakfast show producer. After that, he moved to London to join the Virgin Broadcasting Company working at Music Box, a Pan-European music channel. Later, Virgin asked Mr. Bird to help launch and program a satellite-delivered national radio service called "Radio Radio." He became head of programming for the service, producing radio shows for leading comedians and television presenters. A native of the United Kingdom, Mr. Bird is a Commander of the British Empire. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English language and literature from the University of Newcastle Upon Tyne in 1985. Download JPG Download PDF Alan Braverman Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Walt Disney Company Alan Braverman Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Walt Disney Company Alan Braverman was named executive vice president and general counsel of The Walt Disney Company in January, 2003. Braverman serves as the chief legal officer of the company and oversees its team of attorneys responsible for all aspects of Disney's legal affairs around the world. Previously, Braverman was executive vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. and deputy general counsel, The Walt Disney Company. In that capacity he oversaw the legal affairs of the ABC Broadcast Group, ESPN and Disney/ABC Cable, as well as labor relations. In August 1996, prior to Disney's acquisition of ABC, Inc., Braverman was named senior vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. In October 1994, he was promoted to vice president and general counsel. He joined ABC, Inc. in November 1993, as vice president and deputy general counsel. In his positions with ABC, Inc. Braverman had broad responsibilities for the operation of the legal department, for government relations and for the Corporation's legal affairs. During his tenure at ABC, Braverman guided the company through numerous lawsuits regarding news reporting and news gathering practices, supervised the company's labor department, and oversaw the government relations function for Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. prior to its merger with Disney. Braverman joined Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from the Washington, D.C. law firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, where he started in 1976. He became a partner in 1983, specializing in complex commercial and administrative litigation. Before joining Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, Braverman was a law clerk to the Honorable Thomas W. Pomeroy, Jr., Justice, Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Braverman, a native of Boston, received a B.A. degree from Brandeis University in 1969 and subsequently worked for two years as a Vista volunteer in Gary, Indiana. In 1975, he received a J.D. degree summa cum laude from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, where he was also editor-in-chief of the Law Review. Download JPG Download PDF Bob Chapek Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Bob Chapek Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Bob Chapek was named chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts in February 2015, where he oversees the Company’s iconic travel and leisure businesses. With six resort destinations in the United States, Europe and Asia, a top-rated cruise line, a popular vacation ownership program and an award-winning guided family adventure business, Chapek leads a global team of more than 135,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers charged with delivering magical experiences for millions of guest each year, making memories to last a lifetime. He previously served as president, Disney Consumer Products (DCP) for three and a half years. In that role, Chapek oversaw the organization that brings to life the characters and stories of four iconic Walt Disney Company brands — Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel — through Franchise Licensing & Commercialization, Disney Publishing Worldwide and the Disney Store. Under his leadership, DCP led a transformation in the worlds of play, storytelling, and learning by prioritizing creativity and the strength of the Company's franchises, developing a consumer-first operating philosophy and utilizing technology to create next-generation experiences. Chapek also has served as president of Distribution for The Walt Disney Studios, where he managed the Company's film content distribution strategy across multiple platforms, and president of Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, where he led the organization to record-setting performances on numerous movie titles and played a key role in the commercialization of Disney's live-action and animated direct-to-video business. Throughout his 20-plus years at Disney, he has championed using the latest technology to drive growth and improve the consumer experience, developed groundbreaking business models, and identified new revenue streams to achieve business objectives and sustain long-term growth for the organization. Prior to joining Disney, Chapek worked in brand management at H.J. Heinz Company, and in advertising at J. Walter Thompson. He has a degree in microbiology from Indiana University Bloomington, and received his MBA from Michigan State University. Download JPG Download PDF Alan F. Horn Chairman, The Walt Disney Studios Alan F. Horn Chairman, The Walt Disney Studios As Chairman of The Walt Disney Studios, Alan F. Horn oversees worldwide operations for The Walt Disney Studios including production, distribution, and marketing for live-action and animated films from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm, as well as marketing and distribution for DreamWorks Studios films released under the Touchstone Pictures banner. He also oversees Disney's music and theatrical groups. A prominent figure in the film and television industry for four decades, Horn has overseen creative executive teams responsible for some of the world's most successful entertainment properties including the Harry Potter film franchise and the hit television series Seinfeld. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Studios in 2012, Horn served as President and COO of Warner Bros. Entertainment, leading the studio's theatrical and home entertainment operations, including the Warner Bros. Pictures Group, Warner Premiere, Warner Bros. Theatrical Ventures and Warner Home Video. During Horn's tenure from 1999 to 2011, Warner Bros. was the top-performing studio at the global box office seven times and released numerous critically acclaimed films and box office hits including the eight-film Harry Potter series, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Happy Feet, Sherlock Holmes,The Departed, Million Dollar Baby, the second and third Matrix films and the Ocean's Eleven trilogy. He is an executive producer on The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. In 1987, Horn co-founded Castle Rock Entertainment, where as Chairman and CEO he oversaw a diverse collection of popular, acclaimed film and TV properties including A Few Good Men, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally, City Slickers, In the Line of Fire, and Seinfeld, the most successful show in television history. Horn previously served as President and COO of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and as Chairman and CEO of Embassy Communications. Horn is a co-founder of the Environmental Media Association and a vice chairman of the Natural Resources Defense Council. He is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the Museum of Broadcasting, and he serves on the American Film Institute Board of Directors and the Harvard Business School Board of Dean's Advisors. He is the recipient of the Will Rogers Motion Picture Pioneers Foundation's 2004 Pioneer of the Year Award, Harvard Business School's 2007 Leadership Award, and the Producers Guild of America's 2008 Milestone Award. Horn earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and served as a captain in the U.S. Air Force. In 2010, he received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from New York's Union College, his alma mater Download JPG Download PDF Ronald L. Iden Senior Vice President, Global Security, The Walt Disney Company Ronald L. Iden Senior Vice President, Global Security, The Walt Disney Company Ronald L. Iden was named senior vice president, Security, The Walt Disney Company in July 2004. Mr. Iden focuses on developing and coordinating Disney's security efforts worldwide. Mr. Iden joined Disney from the California Office of Homeland Security, where he was appointed by and served under Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Prior to working for the State, Ron spent 25 years with the Federal Bureau of Investigation holding a variety of roles, culminating in his appointment to lead the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office as assistant director. Among the positions Mr. Iden held while at the FBI were: Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles FBI's investigations of terrorism, foreign counterintelligence, financial crimes and civil rights matters; Deputy Assistant Director of the FBI's Information Resources Division where he was responsible for the FBI's worldwide automation and information management requirements; Chief of the Information Resources Division's strategic planning, budget and personnel operations; and Chief of the FBI's Public Corruption Unit at FBI Headquarters. Mr. Iden was appointed as a Special Agent with the FBI in May 1978, after serving 10 years as a police officer with the Elk Grove Village, Illinois Police Department. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in the Administration of Criminal Justice from the University of Illinois and a Master's degree in Public Administration from the Illinois Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF Kevin Mayer Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Walt Disney Company Kevin Mayer Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Walt Disney Company Kevin Mayer is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees Corporate Strategy, Business Development, Acquisitions, Enterprise Information Technology, Innovation, Brand and Franchise Management, and Global Corporate Alliances. He was named to the position in June 2015. Mr. Mayer most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development, where since 2005 he led a team focused on profitable growth opportunities by targeting emerging businesses new to Disney's existing portfolio and evaluating new technology and business models. The group also executes all mergers and acquisitions. During his tenure, Mr. Mayer has overseen Disney's strategic acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Club Penguin and Maker Studios. He also managed Disney's investment in Hungama and UTV in India, enhancing Disney's growth outside of the United States. In 2009 and 2011, "The Deal" readers named Disney the Most Admired Corporate Dealmaker in the media sector. Mr. Mayer rejoined Disney from L.E.K. Consulting LLC, where he was a partner and head of the Global Media and Entertainment practice. Prior to L.E.K., Mr. Mayer held leading positions at interactive and Internet businesses, including chairman and CEO of Clear Channel Interactive, where he managed all aspects of new media business, including content, sales, business and technology development, and distribution. Mr. Mayer first joined Disney in 1993 as Manager, Strategic Planning, where he spearheaded strategy and business development for all of Disney's interactive/Internet and television businesses worldwide. Later, he became Executive Vice President of the Internet group, responsible for the operations, business plans, creative direction and distribution of Disney's popular Web sites, including ESPN.com and ABCNews.com. Mr. Mayer received his M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1990, and holds a M.S.E.E. from San Diego State University and a B.S.M.E. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF Christine M. McCarthy Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Walt Disney Company Christine M. McCarthy Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Walt Disney Company Christine M. McCarthy is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees the company’s worldwide finance organization, investor relations, corporate planning and control, tax, corporate treasury, corporate real estate, facilities, integrated supply chain management, and corporate citizenship. Ms. McCarthy most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Real Estate, Alliances and Treasurer of The Walt Disney Company. In that role, she was responsible for the enterprise-wide management of a variety of functions, including corporate finance, capital markets, financial risk management, international treasury, insurance, pension and investments, global cash management and treasury operations, and credit and collections. She also oversaw corporate alliances and the company’s global real estate organization, including development, portfolio management and facilities management. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. McCarthy was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Imperial Bancorp from 1997 to 2000. She held various finance and planning positions at First Interstate Bancorp from 1981 to 1996, and was elected Executive Vice President in Finance for First Interstate in 1993. She has served as Disney’s representative on the board of FM Global since 2010. Christine is also a Trustee of the Westridge School for Girls in Pasadena, Calif., and a mentor for the National Math and Science Initiative’s STEM program. She was a former board member of the Phoenix House California and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, and served as both the Treasurer and a Director of the Alumnae Association of Smith College, as well as a member of the Smith College Investment Committee. She has been named multiple times to Treasury & Risk magazine’s “100 Most Influential People in Finance” and in June 2015 was named Treasury Today magazine’s Woman of the Year, one of the profession’s most highly regarded benchmarks. Ms. McCarthy completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Biological Sciences at Smith College, where she received an award for excellence in botany, and later earned an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the Anderson School at UCLA. Download JPG Download PDF Zenia Mucha Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, The Walt Disney Company Zenia Mucha Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, The Walt Disney Company As Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, Zenia Mucha is responsible for global communications for The Walt Disney Company, including acting as chief spokesperson and overseeing communication strategy and media relations for the company, its various business segments and its philanthropic and environmental initiatives. Her role also includes oversight of internal communications, the Walt Disney Archives and D23. Since 2002, Ms. Mucha has led the communications and positioning strategy for all of Disney’s strategic business initiatives including the acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm; the Company’s leadership in leveraging digital technology to connect consumers to creative content in new and exciting ways; and its expansion and growth in international markets. Under her direction, Disney launched D23, the first-ever official Disney fan club, with members in all 50 states and 35 countries. Since its 2009 debut, D23 has delighted Disney fans with experiences such as the bi-annual D23 Expo: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event, year-round member-only insider access events, and the award-winning quarterly magazine, Disney Twenty-three. Ms. Mucha originally joined the Company in 2001, as senior vice president, Communications, for the ABC Broadcast Group and the ABC Television Network. In this role, she oversaw the communication strategy and implementation of all external and internal communications. She also had oversight of public service campaigns, audience information, internal publication and the ABC Foundation. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company, Ms. Mucha served as director of communications and senior policy advisor to New York State Governor George Pataki. In these roles, she counseled him on a broad range of public policy and other issues and successfully positioned him for re-election, earning a national reputation for her communication strategy and political expertise in the process. The New York Times described her role as expanded beyond communications, “to include virtually every major decision made by the Governor.” Ms. Mucha previously served as communications director for United States Senator Alfonse D’Amato, managing his successful re-election campaigns in 1986 and 1992. She originally joined Senator D’Amato’s team in 1982 as a press representative. In 2012 Ms. Mucha received the prestigious Matrix Award from New York Women in Communications, Inc. She has also been named one of the 100 Most Important In-House Communicators in the World by The Holmes Report, PR Week’s Top 50 Industry Elite and was recognized on PR Week’s Power List for 2014. Download JPG Download PDF Jayne Parker Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, The Walt Disney Company Jayne Parker Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, The Walt Disney Company Jayne Parker was named Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for The Walt Disney Company in September 2009. During her tenure she has changed the function, culture and impact of HR across the company to support its business goals and strategies as well as the needs and aspirations of its 180,000 employees around the world. She has worked with leaders across Disney’s many lines of business to build and manage an HR organization that reflects their dynamic needs and helps them achieve their goals and results. While Ms. Parker has been CHRO, Disney has acquired Marvel, Lucasfilm and Maker Studios, and has grown its global employee population by more than 30,000 people. In her current role Ms. Parker is responsible for areas that include leading Disney's overall human resources strategy, global talent acquisition, leadership development, diversity and inclusion, organizational design and cultural development, employee education and development, compensation and benefits, HR operations and technology, and employee relations. Most recently, Ms. Parker has transformed Disney’s HR structure to include centers of excellence and shared services, as well as segment specific support. In this model HR leaders oversee both company and segment HR efforts, and the connectedness established has resulted in greater accountability, stronger collaboration among businesses, improved efficiency, and increased effectiveness in meeting both business and companywide priorities and needs. As CHRO, Ms. Parker has overseen efforts that have resulted in: more effective and streamlined companywide talent acquisition practices that better utilize technology; a companywide diversity and inclusion strategy, including initiatives to improve diversity at the executive level, expanded hiring of veterans, launch of a global women and workplace initiative, and launch of a companywide Hispanic initiative; a redesigned retirement program; an initiative to harmonize compensation and benefit programs across the company to promote efficient internal movement of talent; and more thoughtful, comprehensive talent management and talent development programs. One of Ms. Parker’s major contributions as CHRO has been opening an important dialogue between Disney and its employees through a comprehensive bi-annual survey that engages employees at all levels and serves as the foundation for future change and progress. Previously, Ms. Parker served as the Senior Vice President of Human Resources, Diversity and Inclusion for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide. In this position, she had responsibility for all human resources-related services for nearly 100,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers globally, including: employee/labor relations, diversity and inclusion, compliance, recruitment, talent planning, learning and development, organizational development, compensation, benefits and workforce planning. She led a team focused on developing and implementing strategies that drove business results, created a positive work environment and experience for Cast, Crew and Imagineers and increased levels of employee engagement. She also served as a member of the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Executive Committee. Jayne began her Disney career in 1988, developing the programs that became a part of the Disney Institute. Over the next 20 years, she took on positions of increasing responsibility at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, including Manager and Director of Disney University, Director and Vice President of Organization Improvement and Vice President of Organization and Professional Development. Prior to joining Disney, Jayne was a consultant with Wilson Learning Corporation, where she was responsible for designing and developing media-based programs and management development seminars for education and assessment. During that time, products she developed were awarded first and second place by the International Television & Video Association. Jayne holds degrees in communications and education, a master's in instruction design and technology and an M.B.A., all from the University of Central Florida. Download JPG Download PDF James Pitaro Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media James Pitaro Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media James Pitaro was named chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI) in February 2016, where he oversees the Company’s creation of physical and digital experiences across more than 100 categories. Pitaro and his team bring to life the characters and stories of four iconic brands—Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel – through the world’s largest licensing business across toys, apparel and home goods; the world’s largest children’s book publisher; a robust digital game slate including mobile and console experiences; and approximately 350 Disney Store locations around the world. Also under Pitaro’s leadership is the team at Maker Studios as well as cutting-edge technologists and creative content experts that manage Disney’s web and social media presence and create original content for next-generation audiences. In addition, his team manages the Company’s relationships with retailers globally. Pitaro previously served as president, Disney Interactive, where he successfully led the turnaround of the gaming and digital media division of The Walt Disney Company. Prior to his roles at Disney, Pitaro served as vice president and head of Yahoo Media where he was responsible for guiding the strategic growth and continued development of Yahoo’s media properties, including Yahoo Sports and Yahoo Music. He was credited with leading those businesses to their positions as the number one online sports and music destinations. Pitaro was also vice president of business affairs for LAUNCH Media, Inc. and practiced law at several New York firms. Pitaro holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Cornell University and a Juris Doctor from St. John’s Law School. Download JPG Download PDF Ben Sherwood Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney | ABC Television Group Ben Sherwood Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney | ABC Television Group Ben Sherwood is Co-chair, Disney Media Networks, and President, Disney|ABC Television Group, which includes The Walt Disney Company’s global entertainment and news television properties, owned television stations group, and radio business. In this role Mr. Sherwood oversees ABC Studios, the ABC Owned Television Stations Group, and the ABC Television Network. He also oversees Disney Channels Worldwide, a portfolio of more than 100 kid-driven, family-inclusive entertainment channels or channel feeds available in 169 countries in 35 languages, including Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior, Disney Cinemagic, Hungama, and Radio Disney brands. Additionally, Mr. Sherwood’s responsibilities include oversight of cable network ABC Family, and the company’s equity interest in A+E Networks, Fusion, and Hulu. All told, the Disney/ABC portfolio is responsible for the creation of more than 24,000 hours of original content each year. Prior to this, Mr. Sherwood was president, ABC News, a position he had held since December 2010. In this role, he was responsible for all aspects of ABC News' broadcasts as well as ABC News Radio, ABCNEWS.com, satellite service NewsOne and ABC News NOW. ABC News reaches a combined audience of well over 270 million people a month on television, on radio and online. During Mr. Sherwood’s tenure, “Good Morning America” became the #1 morning TV news program, and the news division won the most prestigious honors in the industry, including George Polk, George Foster Peabody, News and Documentary Emmy, Edward R. Murrow, Overseas Press Club, SPJ Sigma Delta Chi and Investigative Reporters and Editors Awards. Mr. Sherwood began his career in journalism in 1989 when he joined ABC News as an investigative associate producer and then producer for ABC News’ “PrimeTime Live.” In 1997, he joined NBC’s “Nightly News with Tom Brokaw,” first as broadcast producer, then senior producer, and ultimately senior broadcast producer. Mr. Sherwood returned to ABC News in April 2004 as executive producer of “Good Morning America.” Over the years Mr. Sherwood’s journalism and non-fiction essays have been published in many respected publications. He is the author of two critically acclaimed best-selling novels: The Man Who Ate the 747 (2000) and The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud (2004). In July 2010, The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud was adapted as a feature film starring Zac Efron and was released by Universal Pictures under the title “Charlie St. Cloud.” He also authored The Survivors Club (2009), a New York Times' best-selling exploration of the science and secrets of surviving extraordinary adversity – and how to apply those lessons to everyday challenges. A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Harvard College in 1986, Mr. Sherwood earned an AB degree in American government and history. From 1986 to 1989, as a Rhodes Scholar at Magdalen College, Oxford, he earned master’s degrees in British imperial history and development economics. Mr. Sherwood is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York and serves on the boards of the National Constitution Center, the National Association of Urban Debate Leagues and City Year Los Angeles. Download JPG Download PDF John Skipper President, ESPN, and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks John Skipper President, ESPN, and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Since taking the helm as ESPN President and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks on January 1, 2012, John Skipper has secured ESPN’s leadership position in the crowded sports media landscape into the next decade with bold moves and a commitment to championship events delivered across every available platform. Throughout, he has continued to foster what he calls “our best strategic advantage – the people and culture of ESPN.” Most noteworthy, Skipper has led ESPN to a series of long-term, multiplatform agreements with major rightsholders (all through at least 2021) and distributors: • Major League Baseball, the College Football Playoff, ACC, Big 12, US Open tennis, Rose, Sugar and Orange Bowls, WNBA, American Athletic Conference, Mountain West Conference • In addition, ESPN and the SEC announced a 20-year agreement to create and operate the ESPN SEC Network and digital platforms, while extending the existing media rights agreement through 2034. • Cablevision, Cox Communications, Charter Communications, AT&T U-Verse, National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NTRC) As President, Skipper has emphasized two ESPN hallmarks – always looking ahead and embracing technology to serve sports fans. The largest example will debut in May 2014, a 195,000-square-foot Digital Center 2 at the Connecticut headquarters. The facility, ESPN’s largest building by far, will include numerous technical firsts and is designed to fulfill the growing commitment to mobile offerings. With an eye on fulfilling ESPN’s mission to serve sports fans and growing ESPN’s audience at home and abroad, Skipper has also strongly supported the evolution of the critically acclaimed ESPN Films sports documentary series; the growth of the company’s multimedia business in Latin America; multiplatform Spanish-language ESPN Deportes; and espnW, a digital initiative launched in 2010 to better serve female sports fans. According to Skipper, to maintain the company’s competitive edge, such growth, change and innovation are essential. “ESPN is deeply woven into the lives of sports fans, yet we continue to seek new avenues to inform and entertain,” he says, adding, “We must act like an insurgent, not an incumbent.” An energetic and insightful collaborator who embraces teamwork and intelligent debate to come to decisions, Skipper’s business relationships are defined by finding “win-win” solutions in an increasingly complicated global media landscape. Not surprisingly, he is who ESPN strives to serve – a passionate sports fan – and he is extremely focused on driving business and creative success, earning him the respect of colleagues and competitors alike. Indeed, within his first year after ascending to the top spot, he was named the most influential person in sports bySports Business Journal. Skipper, 58, had been ESPN’s executive vice president, Content, since October 2005, responsible for the creation, programming and production of ESPN content across all media platforms, including television, radio, Internet, broadband, wireless, print, interactive games and home entertainment. He had been executive vice president, advertising sales & ESPN Enterprises, since August 2004. ESPN Career In his 14 years with the company prior to becoming President, Skipper was a key architect of ESPN’s explosive growth. He played leadership roles overseeing the company’s television, digital, print and advertising sales initiatives, as well as ESPN’s focus on brand extensions, bringing the company’s “best available screen” philosophy to life across more platforms and with more wide-ranging major rights agreements than at any time since ESPN’s launch in 1979. This strategy – along with an emphasis on live sports – has strengthened ESPN’s unparalleled relationship with fans while meeting the growing business needs of ESPN’s distributors and advertisers. Under his leadership, ESPN consistently set records for television ratings and digital consumption, and negotiated several wide-ranging, major rights agreements with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the BCS, FIFA, the Masters Tournament, the British Open, the USTA, Wimbledon and several college conferences. Each of those agreements was marked by a significant change that took hold under Skipper – a wide swath of multimedia rights that went well beyond just television to include all forms of media, and terms that extended for a much longer period of time, sometimes a decade or more. This change of approach envisioned an evolving media world driven by the marriage of technology with content, and established stability for ESPN and all of its business partners for years to come. Skipper’s ability to meld creative and business success was demonstrated early when he joined ESPN in June 1997 as senior vice president and general manager of ESPN The Magazine. He oversaw one of the most successful magazine launches of the 1990s. During its inaugural year, the magazine earned more than 20 awards, including “Best New Magazine” honors from bothAdvertising Age and AdWeek magazines, as well as a 1999 National Magazine Award for design. In January 2000, he added the same title for ESPN.com and in January 2003 was promoted to executive vice president. Skipper’s early vision on how content should be presented on digital platforms continues to pay dividends today. With ESPN.com in 2000, he began the shift to broadband from dial-up well before broadband was widely available; launched a pay section, ESPN Insider, with richer content that continues to grow, and completely revamped the site’s approach to advertising. More recently, he envisioned and launched what is now ESPN3, a television network delivering 4,000 live events annually on the web and through mobile devices; helped lead the creation of the Watch ESPN authenticated app which has been downloaded more than four million times, and led the evolution of ESPN the Magazine’s content to include print and digital platforms. Skipper’s tenure overseeing customer marketing and sales was comparatively brief but very impactful – he worked closely with sales leaders to create a truly integrated, cross platform sales force that continues to lead the industry today. Accomplishments, Awards and Accolades During his years leading Content, the collective audience for ESPN’s domestic television networks rose 31%, and weekly users of all of ESPN’s cross-platform content rose 25% to more than 101 million fans. In both 2010 and 2011, ESPN’s U.S. networks combined to set records for the most-watched fiscal year in the company’s history. ESPN also continued to distinguish itself with dozens of prestigious industry awards, including 36 Sports Emmy Awards, two Peabody Awards and several GLAAD, NABJ and NAMIC Vision awards. During his tenure leading the Magazine and ESPN.com, the company has won two General Excellence Awards given by the American Society of Magazine Editors (2003, 2006) and the ONA Online Journalism Award for General Excellence in 2003. ESPN.com also won EPpy Awards (given by Editor & Publisher) for best cable network website and best sports website twice in the past 10 years (2006, 2009). Skipper has frequently appeared on several media and cable industry “most influential” lists, including Sports Business Journal, CableFAX Magazine, Business Week and The Sporting News. Prior to ESPN Before joining ESPN The Magazine, Skipper served nearly three years as senior vice president of The Disney Publishing Group where he was in charge of all Disney’s magazine, book and licensed publishing operations in the United States. Since 1990, Skipper was vice president of Disney Magazine publishing, overseeing Disney Adventures, Discover, FamilyFun and Family PC. Prior to joining The Disney Publishing Group, Skipper held the title of president and publishing director at Spin magazine. Earlier he spent 10 years with Straight Arrow Publishing including eight years with Rolling Stone. At Straight Arrow, he rose to publisher of US magazine. Biographical Information Skipper holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in English Literature from the University of North Carolina and Columbia University, respectively. He is married with two sons. VITAE Jan. 1, 2012 President, ESPN; Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Oct. 2005 Executive Vice President, Content Aug. 2004 Executive Vice President, Advertising Sales & ESPN Enterprises Jan. 2003 Executive Vice President, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com Jan. 2000 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com June 1997 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine July 1994 SVP, The Disney Publishing Group Nov. 1990 VP, Disney Magazine Publishing Jan. 1990 President & Publishing Director, Spin Magazine May 1979 Straight Arrow Publishing Download JPG Download PDF Brent Woodford Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning and Tax Brent Woodford Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning and Tax Brent A. Woodford is Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning & Tax for The Walt Disney Company. Brent is responsible for developing the company’s operating profit, cash flow and capital spending plans in addition to its external and internal financial reporting. He manages company-wide controllership and related shared service financial activities as well as the corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and Tax functions. Brent also provides administrative oversight of Management Audit. Prior to joining Disney in October 2003, Brent was Vice President, Controller of Yum! Brands, Inc., a spin-off from PepsiCo, and the Controller of PepsiCo’s international restaurant division, serving 10 years with the PepsiCo and Yum! organizations. Brent also spent time as an equity securities analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons, as a financial consultant with Coopers & Lybrand and in the audit practice at KPMG in its Dallas and London offices. Brent is a CPA (inactive) and a Chartered Financial Analyst. He is a member of the Financial Executives International Committee on Corporate Reporting and of the AICPA, serving on its Accounting Standards Executive Committee from 2003 to 2005. He also served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council of the Financial Accounting Foundation from 2006 to 2009. Brent has a B.A. in accounting from Michigan State University and an M.B.A. from St. Louis University. Download JPG Download PDF View More Board of Directors The Walt Disney Company's Board of Directors hail from renowned global organizations and industries, bringing a diverse range of knowledge, perspective and experience to guide and drive long-term value to the company. Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF Susan Arnold Director since 2007 Susan Arnold Director since 2007 Susan E. Arnold, 60, has been an operating executive of The Carlyle Group, an equity investment firm, since September 2013. She retired as President — Global Business Units of Procter & Gamble in 2009, a position she had held since 2007. Prior to 2009, she was Vice Chair of P&G Beauty and Health from 2006, Vice Chair of P&G Beauty from 2004 and President Global Personal Beauty Care and Global Feminine Care from 2002. She has been a director of McDonalds Corporation since 2008 and of NBTY, Inc. since 2013. Ms. Arnold has been a Director of the Company since 2007. Download JPG John S. Chen Director since 2004 John S. Chen Director since 2004 John S. Chen, 59, has been Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Blackberry, Ltd., a maker of mobile devices, since November, 2013, and is a Senior Advisor of Silver Lake, a private investment firm. Mr. Chen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sybase Inc., a software developer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAP AG from July 2010 through November 1, 2012. Prior to SAP’s acquisition of Sybase in July 2010, Mr. Chen had been Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Sybase, Inc., since November 1998. From February 1998 through November 1998, he served as co-Chief Executive Officer of Sybase. Mr. Chen has been a director of Wells Fargo & Company since 2006 and a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG Jack Dorsey Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey, 38, is the founder and has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Twitter, Inc., a developer and provider of mobile communication applications, since 2008 and as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Square, Inc., a provider of payment processing services, since 2009. Mr. Dorsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Twitter from 2007 to 2008 and has been a director of Twitter since 2007. He has been a Director of the Company since 2013. Download JPG Maria Elena Lagomasino DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino, 66, is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office serving high net worth families, and has held these positions since March 2013. Ms. Lagomasino served as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, an affiliate of SunTrust Banks, Inc., from November 2005 through October 2012. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Lagomasino was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank, a division of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a global financial services firm. Prior to assuming this position, she was Managing Director of The Chase Manhattan Bank in charge of its Global Private Banking Group. Ms. Lagomasino had been with Chase Manhattan since 1983 in various positions in private banking. Ms. Lagomasino is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and is a founder of the Institute for the Fiduciary Standard. She is a director of the Americas Society and served as a Trustee of the National Geographic Society from 2007 to 2015. She served as a director of the Coca Cola Company from 2003 to 2006 and from 2008 to the present, and she has served as a director of Avon Products, Inc. since 2001. Ms. Lagomasino has been a Director of the Company since 2015. Download JPG Fred H. Langhammer Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer, 71, is Chairman, Global Affairs, of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cosmetics products. Prior to being named Chairman, Global Affairs, Mr. Langhammer was Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2004, President from 1995 to 2004 and Chief Operating Officer from 1985 through 1999. Mr. Langhammer joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1975 as President of its operations in Japan. In 1982, he was appointed Managing Director of its operations in Germany. He was a director of Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., from 2009 to March 2014 and was a director of The Shinsei Bank Limited from 2005 to 2009 and a director of AIG from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Langhammer has been a Director of the Company since 2005. Download JPG Aylwin B. Lewis Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis, 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the Board of Directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis has been a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide since January 1, 2013. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG Robert W. Matschullat Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat, 67, is retired and served from 1995 until 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd., a global company with entertainment and beverage operations. Prior to joining Seagram, Mr. Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors. He is Lead Director of The Clorox Company, where he was Interim Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from March to October 2006. Mr. Matschullat is a director and Chairman of the Board of Visa Inc. Mr. Matschullat has been a Director of the Company since 2002. Download JPG Mark G. Parker DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker, 60, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2006. He has been employed by NIKE since 1979 in a variety of positions with primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing and brand management. Mr. Parker has been a member of the Board of Directors of NIKE since 2006, and has been a Director of the Company since January 2016. Download JPG Sheryl Sandberg Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg, 45, has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, Inc., an online social networking company, since 2008. From 2001 to 2008, Ms. Sandberg was the Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations for Google Inc., an Internet search engine company. Ms. Sandberg also is a former Chief of Staff of the United States Treasury Department and previously served as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and as an economist with The World Bank. Ms. Sandberg served as a director of Starbucks Corp. from 2009 to 2012. She also serves on a number of nonprofit boards including Women for Women International, and V-Day. She served as a director of eHealth, Inc. from 2006 to 2008 and as a director of Facebook since June 2012. She has been a Director of the Company since 2010. Download JPG Orin C. Smith Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith, 72, is retired and was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005. He joined Starbucks as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1990, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1994, and became a director of Starbucks in 1996. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Smith spent a total of 14 years with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Smith has been a director of Nike, Inc. since 2004 and served on the Board of Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to March 2012. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Conservation International and the University of Washington Board of Regents. Mr. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 2006 and has served as independent Lead Director since 2012. *Elected Independent Lead Director as of March 13, 2012 Download JPG View More Our Businesses The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. Media Networks Media Networks comprise a vast array of broadcast, cable, radio, publishing and digital businesses across two divisions – the Disney/ABC Television Group and ESPN Inc. View More Parks and Resorts Walt Disney Parks and Resorts is one of the world’s leading providers of family travel and leisure experiences, giving millions of guests each year the chance to spend time with their families and friends, making memories that last a lifetime. View More Studio Entertainment For over 90 years, The Walt Disney Studios has been the foundation on which The Walt Disney Company was built. Today, the Studio brings quality movies, music and stage plays to consumers throughout the world. View More
Robert A. Iger,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger,  is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF
Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes,  magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune,  magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s,  (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek,  magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013).
Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune,  magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes,  magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor,  magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine,  (2014).
Andy Bird,  Chairman, Walt Disney International, The Walt Disney Company As chairman, Walt Disney International, Andy Bird,  is responsible for Disney’s businesses outside of the United States. Reporting to Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, Mr. Bird and his global team develop and implement strategies to increase Disney brand affinity and awareness in key international markets, introduce new customers and guests to Disney’s unique storytelling legacy and iconic characters, and invest in and maximize opportunities in emerging markets. Since joining The Walt Disney Company in 2004, Mr. Bird has greatly expanded Disney presence around the world. During his tenure, Disney has: acquired UTV, one of India’s premier media and entertainment companies reaching almost 250 million consumers through film, television and interactive media; launched free-to-air Disney Channels in Russia, Turkey and Spain; launched Dlife, Japan’s first foreign-owned and free-to-air channel targeting women and families; increased local production, particularly for television content; and reorganized and integrated Disney’s international structure and leadership ranks. Prior to joining Disney, Mr. Bird spent nearly a decade with Time Warner, joining in 1994 as senior vice president and general manager of Turner Entertainment Networks Limited. He rose to president of TBS International in 2000, and became responsible for all TBS broadcasting outside of the continental U.S. Between 1989 and 1994, Mr. Bird held a number of positions in radio and television in Europe, including helping to start a music channel, producing and directing a popular London-based morning TV program, and producing a Saturday morning children's TV show. In 1992, Mr. Bird was tapped by Unique Broadcasting, the largest independent radio production company in the United Kingdom, to start up and operate Unique Television. Mr. Bird began his career with Piccadilly Radio in Manchester, England, as breakfast show producer. After that, he moved to London to join the Virgin Broadcasting Company working at Music Box, a Pan-European music channel. Later, Virgin asked Mr. Bird to help launch and program a satellite-delivered national radio service called "Radio Radio." He became head of programming for the service, producing radio shows for leading comedians and television presenters. A native of the United Kingdom, Mr. Bird is a Commander of the British Empire. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English language and literature from the University of Newcastle Upon Tyne in 1985. Download JPG Download PDF
As chairman, Walt Disney International, Andy Bird,  is responsible for Disney’s businesses outside of the United States. Reporting to Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, Mr. Bird and his global team develop and implement strategies to increase Disney brand affinity and awareness in key international markets, introduce new customers and guests to Disney’s unique storytelling legacy and iconic characters, and invest in and maximize opportunities in emerging markets.
Alan Braverman,  Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Walt Disney Company Alan Braverman,  was named executive vice president and general counsel of The Walt Disney Company in January, 2003. Braverman serves as the chief legal officer of the company and oversees its team of attorneys responsible for all aspects of Disney's legal affairs around the world. Previously, Braverman was executive vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. and deputy general counsel, The Walt Disney Company. In that capacity he oversaw the legal affairs of the ABC Broadcast Group, ESPN and Disney/ABC Cable, as well as labor relations. In August 1996, prior to Disney's acquisition of ABC, Inc., Braverman was named senior vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. In October 1994, he was promoted to vice president and general counsel. He joined ABC, Inc. in November 1993, as vice president and deputy general counsel. In his positions with ABC, Inc. Braverman had broad responsibilities for the operation of the legal department, for government relations and for the Corporation's legal affairs. During his tenure at ABC, Braverman guided the company through numerous lawsuits regarding news reporting and news gathering practices, supervised the company's labor department, and oversaw the government relations function for Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. prior to its merger with Disney. Braverman joined Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from the Washington, D.C. law firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, where he started in 1976. He became a partner in 1983, specializing in complex commercial and administrative litigation. Before joining Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, Braverman was a law clerk to the Honorable Thomas W. Pomeroy, Jr., Justice, Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Braverman, a native of Boston, received a B.A. degree from Brandeis University in 1969 and subsequently worked for two years as a Vista volunteer in Gary, Indiana. In 1975, he received a J.D. degree summa cum laude from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, where he was also editor-in-chief of the Law Review. Download JPG Download PDF
Alan Braverman,  was named executive vice president and general counsel of The Walt Disney Company in January, 2003. Braverman serves as the chief legal officer of the company and oversees its team of attorneys responsible for all aspects of Disney's legal affairs around the world.
Bob Chapek,  Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Bob Chapek,  was named chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts in February 2015, where he oversees the Company’s iconic travel and leisure businesses. With six resort destinations in the United States, Europe and Asia, a top-rated cruise line, a popular vacation ownership program and an award-winning guided family adventure business, Chapek leads a global team of more than 135,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers charged with delivering magical experiences for millions of guest each year, making memories to last a lifetime. He previously served as president, Disney Consumer Products (DCP) for three and a half years. In that role, Chapek oversaw the organization that brings to life the characters and stories of four iconic Walt Disney Company brands — Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel — through Franchise Licensing & Commercialization, Disney Publishing Worldwide and the Disney Store. Under his leadership, DCP led a transformation in the worlds of play, storytelling, and learning by prioritizing creativity and the strength of the Company's franchises, developing a consumer-first operating philosophy and utilizing technology to create next-generation experiences. Chapek also has served as president of Distribution for The Walt Disney Studios, where he managed the Company's film content distribution strategy across multiple platforms, and president of Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, where he led the organization to record-setting performances on numerous movie titles and played a key role in the commercialization of Disney's live-action and animated direct-to-video business. Throughout his 20-plus years at Disney, he has championed using the latest technology to drive growth and improve the consumer experience, developed groundbreaking business models, and identified new revenue streams to achieve business objectives and sustain long-term growth for the organization. Prior to joining Disney, Chapek worked in brand management at H.J. Heinz Company, and in advertising at J. Walter Thompson. He has a degree in microbiology from Indiana University Bloomington, and received his MBA from Michigan State University. Download JPG Download PDF
Bob Chapek,  was named chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts in February 2015, where he oversees the Company’s iconic travel and leisure businesses. With six resort destinations in the United States, Europe and Asia, a top-rated cruise line, a popular vacation ownership program and an award-winning guided family adventure business, Chapek leads a global team of more than 135,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers charged with delivering magical experiences for millions of guest each year, making memories to last a lifetime., 
Alan F. Horn,  Chairman, The Walt Disney Studios As Chairman of The Walt Disney Studios, Alan F. Horn,  oversees worldwide operations for The Walt Disney Studios including production, distribution, and marketing for live-action and animated films from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm, as well as marketing and distribution for DreamWorks Studios films released under the Touchstone Pictures banner. He also oversees Disney's music and theatrical groups. A prominent figure in the film and television industry for four decades, Horn has overseen creative executive teams responsible for some of the world's most successful entertainment properties including the Harry Potter film franchise and the hit television series Seinfeld. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Studios in 2012, Horn served as President and COO of Warner Bros. Entertainment, leading the studio's theatrical and home entertainment operations, including the Warner Bros. Pictures Group, Warner Premiere, Warner Bros. Theatrical Ventures and Warner Home Video. During Horn's tenure from 1999 to 2011, Warner Bros. was the top-performing studio at the global box office seven times and released numerous critically acclaimed films and box office hits including the eight-film Harry Potter series, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Happy Feet, Sherlock Holmes,The Departed, Million Dollar Baby, the second and third Matrix films and the Ocean's Eleven trilogy. He is an executive producer on The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. In 1987, Horn co-founded Castle Rock Entertainment, where as Chairman and CEO he oversaw a diverse collection of popular, acclaimed film and TV properties including A Few Good Men, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally, City Slickers, In the Line of Fire, and Seinfeld, the most successful show in television history. Horn previously served as President and COO of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and as Chairman and CEO of Embassy Communications. Horn is a co-founder of the Environmental Media Association and a vice chairman of the Natural Resources Defense Council. He is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the Museum of Broadcasting, and he serves on the American Film Institute Board of Directors and the Harvard Business School Board of Dean's Advisors. He is the recipient of the Will Rogers Motion Picture Pioneers Foundation's 2004 Pioneer of the Year Award, Harvard Business School's 2007 Leadership Award, and the Producers Guild of America's 2008 Milestone Award. Horn earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and served as a captain in the U.S. Air Force. In 2010, he received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from New York's Union College, his alma mater Download JPG Download PDF
As Chairman of The Walt Disney Studios, Alan F. Horn,  oversees worldwide operations for The Walt Disney Studios including production, distribution, and marketing for live-action and animated films from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm, as well as marketing and distribution for DreamWorks Studios films released under the Touchstone Pictures banner. He also oversees Disney's music and theatrical groups.
Ronald L. Iden,  Senior Vice President, Global Security, The Walt Disney Company Ronald L. Iden,  was named senior vice president, Security, The Walt Disney Company in July 2004. Mr. Iden focuses on developing and coordinating Disney's security efforts worldwide. Mr. Iden joined Disney from the California Office of Homeland Security, where he was appointed by and served under Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Prior to working for the State, Ron spent 25 years with the Federal Bureau of Investigation holding a variety of roles, culminating in his appointment to lead the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office as assistant director. Among the positions Mr. Iden held while at the FBI were: Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles FBI's investigations of terrorism, foreign counterintelligence, financial crimes and civil rights matters; Deputy Assistant Director of the FBI's Information Resources Division where he was responsible for the FBI's worldwide automation and information management requirements; Chief of the Information Resources Division's strategic planning, budget and personnel operations; and Chief of the FBI's Public Corruption Unit at FBI Headquarters. Mr. Iden was appointed as a Special Agent with the FBI in May 1978, after serving 10 years as a police officer with the Elk Grove Village, Illinois Police Department. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in the Administration of Criminal Justice from the University of Illinois and a Master's degree in Public Administration from the Illinois Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF
Ronald L. Iden,  was named senior vice president, Security, The Walt Disney Company in July 2004. Mr. Iden focuses on developing and coordinating Disney's security efforts worldwide.
Kevin Mayer,  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Walt Disney Company Kevin Mayer,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees Corporate Strategy, Business Development, Acquisitions, Enterprise Information Technology, Innovation, Brand and Franchise Management, and Global Corporate Alliances. He was named to the position in June 2015. Mr. Mayer most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development, where since 2005 he led a team focused on profitable growth opportunities by targeting emerging businesses new to Disney's existing portfolio and evaluating new technology and business models. The group also executes all mergers and acquisitions. During his tenure, Mr. Mayer has overseen Disney's strategic acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Club Penguin and Maker Studios. He also managed Disney's investment in Hungama and UTV in India, enhancing Disney's growth outside of the United States. In 2009 and 2011, "The Deal" readers named Disney the Most Admired Corporate Dealmaker in the media sector. Mr. Mayer rejoined Disney from L.E.K. Consulting LLC, where he was a partner and head of the Global Media and Entertainment practice. Prior to L.E.K., Mr. Mayer held leading positions at interactive and Internet businesses, including chairman and CEO of Clear Channel Interactive, where he managed all aspects of new media business, including content, sales, business and technology development, and distribution. Mr. Mayer first joined Disney in 1993 as Manager, Strategic Planning, where he spearheaded strategy and business development for all of Disney's interactive/Internet and television businesses worldwide. Later, he became Executive Vice President of the Internet group, responsible for the operations, business plans, creative direction and distribution of Disney's popular Web sites, including ESPN.com and ABCNews.com. Mr. Mayer received his M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1990, and holds a M.S.E.E. from San Diego State University and a B.S.M.E. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF
Kevin Mayer,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees Corporate Strategy, Business Development, Acquisitions, Enterprise Information Technology, Innovation, Brand and Franchise Management, and Global Corporate Alliances. He was named to the position in June 2015.
Christine M. McCarthy,  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Walt Disney Company Christine M. McCarthy,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees the company’s worldwide finance organization, investor relations, corporate planning and control, tax, corporate treasury, corporate real estate, facilities, integrated supply chain management, and corporate citizenship. Ms. McCarthy most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Real Estate, Alliances and Treasurer of The Walt Disney Company. In that role, she was responsible for the enterprise-wide management of a variety of functions, including corporate finance, capital markets, financial risk management, international treasury, insurance, pension and investments, global cash management and treasury operations, and credit and collections. She also oversaw corporate alliances and the company’s global real estate organization, including development, portfolio management and facilities management. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. McCarthy was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Imperial Bancorp from 1997 to 2000. She held various finance and planning positions at First Interstate Bancorp from 1981 to 1996, and was elected Executive Vice President in Finance for First Interstate in 1993. She has served as Disney’s representative on the board of FM Global since 2010. Christine is also a Trustee of the Westridge School for Girls in Pasadena, Calif., and a mentor for the National Math and Science Initiative’s STEM program. She was a former board member of the Phoenix House California and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, and served as both the Treasurer and a Director of the Alumnae Association of Smith College, as well as a member of the Smith College Investment Committee. She has been named multiple times to Treasury & Risk magazine’s “100 Most Influential People in Finance” and in June 2015 was named Treasury Today magazine’s Woman of the Year, one of the profession’s most highly regarded benchmarks. Ms. McCarthy completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Biological Sciences at Smith College, where she received an award for excellence in botany, and later earned an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the Anderson School at UCLA. Download JPG Download PDF
Christine M. McCarthy,  is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees the company’s worldwide finance organization, investor relations, corporate planning and control, tax, corporate treasury, corporate real estate, facilities, integrated supply chain management, and corporate citizenship.
Zenia Mucha,  Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, The Walt Disney Company As Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, Zenia Mucha,  is responsible for global communications for The Walt Disney Company, including acting as chief spokesperson and overseeing communication strategy and media relations for the company, its various business segments and its philanthropic and environmental initiatives. Her role also includes oversight of internal communications, the Walt Disney Archives and D23. Since 2002, Ms. Mucha has led the communications and positioning strategy for all of Disney’s strategic business initiatives including the acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm; the Company’s leadership in leveraging digital technology to connect consumers to creative content in new and exciting ways; and its expansion and growth in international markets. Under her direction, Disney launched D23, the first-ever official Disney fan club, with members in all 50 states and 35 countries. Since its 2009 debut, D23 has delighted Disney fans with experiences such as the bi-annual D23 Expo: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event, year-round member-only insider access events, and the award-winning quarterly magazine, Disney Twenty-three. Ms. Mucha originally joined the Company in 2001, as senior vice president, Communications, for the ABC Broadcast Group and the ABC Television Network. In this role, she oversaw the communication strategy and implementation of all external and internal communications. She also had oversight of public service campaigns, audience information, internal publication and the ABC Foundation. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company, Ms. Mucha served as director of communications and senior policy advisor to New York State Governor George Pataki. In these roles, she counseled him on a broad range of public policy and other issues and successfully positioned him for re-election, earning a national reputation for her communication strategy and political expertise in the process. The New York Times described her role as expanded beyond communications, “to include virtually every major decision made by the Governor.” Ms. Mucha previously served as communications director for United States Senator Alfonse D’Amato, managing his successful re-election campaigns in 1986 and 1992. She originally joined Senator D’Amato’s team in 1982 as a press representative. In 2012 Ms. Mucha received the prestigious Matrix Award from New York Women in Communications, Inc. She has also been named one of the 100 Most Important In-House Communicators in the World by The Holmes Report, PR Week’s Top 50 Industry Elite and was recognized on PR Week’s Power List for 2014. Download JPG Download PDF
As Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, Zenia Mucha,  is responsible for global communications for The Walt Disney Company, including acting as chief spokesperson and overseeing communication strategy and media relations for the company, its various business segments and its philanthropic and environmental initiatives. Her role also includes oversight of internal communications, the Walt Disney Archives and D23.
Jayne Parker,  Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, The Walt Disney Company Jayne Parker,  was named Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for The Walt Disney Company in September 2009. During her tenure she has changed the function, culture and impact of HR across the company to support its business goals and strategies as well as the needs and aspirations of its 180,000 employees around the world. She has worked with leaders across Disney’s many lines of business to build and manage an HR organization that reflects their dynamic needs and helps them achieve their goals and results. While Ms. Parker has been CHRO, Disney has acquired Marvel, Lucasfilm and Maker Studios, and has grown its global employee population by more than 30,000 people. In her current role Ms. Parker is responsible for areas that include leading Disney's overall human resources strategy, global talent acquisition, leadership development, diversity and inclusion, organizational design and cultural development, employee education and development, compensation and benefits, HR operations and technology, and employee relations. Most recently, Ms. Parker has transformed Disney’s HR structure to include centers of excellence and shared services, as well as segment specific support. In this model HR leaders oversee both company and segment HR efforts, and the connectedness established has resulted in greater accountability, stronger collaboration among businesses, improved efficiency, and increased effectiveness in meeting both business and companywide priorities and needs. As CHRO, Ms. Parker has overseen efforts that have resulted in: more effective and streamlined companywide talent acquisition practices that better utilize technology; a companywide diversity and inclusion strategy, including initiatives to improve diversity at the executive level, expanded hiring of veterans, launch of a global women and workplace initiative, and launch of a companywide Hispanic initiative; a redesigned retirement program; an initiative to harmonize compensation and benefit programs across the company to promote efficient internal movement of talent; and more thoughtful, comprehensive talent management and talent development programs. One of Ms. Parker’s major contributions as CHRO has been opening an important dialogue between Disney and its employees through a comprehensive bi-annual survey that engages employees at all levels and serves as the foundation for future change and progress. Previously, Ms. Parker served as the Senior Vice President of Human Resources, Diversity and Inclusion for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide. In this position, she had responsibility for all human resources-related services for nearly 100,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers globally, including: employee/labor relations, diversity and inclusion, compliance, recruitment, talent planning, learning and development, organizational development, compensation, benefits and workforce planning. She led a team focused on developing and implementing strategies that drove business results, created a positive work environment and experience for Cast, Crew and Imagineers and increased levels of employee engagement. She also served as a member of the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Executive Committee. Jayne began her Disney career in 1988, developing the programs that became a part of the Disney Institute. Over the next 20 years, she took on positions of increasing responsibility at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, including Manager and Director of Disney University, Director and Vice President of Organization Improvement and Vice President of Organization and Professional Development. Prior to joining Disney, Jayne was a consultant with Wilson Learning Corporation, where she was responsible for designing and developing media-based programs and management development seminars for education and assessment. During that time, products she developed were awarded first and second place by the International Television & Video Association. Jayne holds degrees in communications and education, a master's in instruction design and technology and an M.B.A., all from the University of Central Florida. Download JPG Download PDF
Jayne Parker,  was named Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for The Walt Disney Company in September 2009. During her tenure she has changed the function, culture and impact of HR across the company to support its business goals and strategies as well as the needs and aspirations of its 180,000 employees around the world. She has worked with leaders across Disney’s many lines of business to build and manage an HR organization that reflects their dynamic needs and helps them achieve their goals and results. While Ms. Parker has been CHRO, Disney has acquired Marvel, Lucasfilm and Maker Studios, and has grown its global employee population by more than 30,000 people.
James Pitaro,  Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media James Pitaro,  was named chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI) in February 2016, where he oversees the Company’s creation of physical and digital experiences across more than 100 categories. Pitaro and his team bring to life the characters and stories of four iconic brands—Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel – through the world’s largest licensing business across toys, apparel and home goods; the world’s largest children’s book publisher; a robust digital game slate including mobile and console experiences; and approximately 350 Disney Store locations around the world. Also under Pitaro’s leadership is the team at Maker Studios as well as cutting-edge technologists and creative content experts that manage Disney’s web and social media presence and create original content for next-generation audiences. In addition, his team manages the Company’s relationships with retailers globally. Pitaro previously served as president, Disney Interactive, where he successfully led the turnaround of the gaming and digital media division of The Walt Disney Company. Prior to his roles at Disney, Pitaro served as vice president and head of Yahoo Media where he was responsible for guiding the strategic growth and continued development of Yahoo’s media properties, including Yahoo Sports and Yahoo Music. He was credited with leading those businesses to their positions as the number one online sports and music destinations. Pitaro was also vice president of business affairs for LAUNCH Media, Inc. and practiced law at several New York firms. Pitaro holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Cornell University and a Juris Doctor from St. John’s Law School. Download JPG Download PDF
James Pitaro,  was named chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI) in February 2016, where he oversees the Company’s creation of physical and digital experiences across more than 100 categories.
Ben Sherwood,  Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney | ABC Television Group Ben Sherwood,  is Co-chair, Disney Media Networks, and President, Disney|ABC Television Group, which includes The Walt Disney Company’s global entertainment and news television properties, owned television stations group, and radio business. In this role Mr. Sherwood oversees ABC Studios, the ABC Owned Television Stations Group, and the ABC Television Network. He also oversees Disney Channels Worldwide, a portfolio of more than 100 kid-driven, family-inclusive entertainment channels or channel feeds available in 169 countries in 35 languages, including Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior, Disney Cinemagic, Hungama, and Radio Disney brands. Additionally, Mr. Sherwood’s responsibilities include oversight of cable network ABC Family, and the company’s equity interest in A+E Networks, Fusion, and Hulu. All told, the Disney/ABC portfolio is responsible for the creation of more than 24,000 hours of original content each year. Prior to this, Mr. Sherwood was president, ABC News, a position he had held since December 2010. In this role, he was responsible for all aspects of ABC News' broadcasts as well as ABC News Radio, ABCNEWS.com, satellite service NewsOne and ABC News NOW. ABC News reaches a combined audience of well over 270 million people a month on television, on radio and online. During Mr. Sherwood’s tenure, “Good Morning America” became the #1 morning TV news program, and the news division won the most prestigious honors in the industry, including George Polk, George Foster Peabody, News and Documentary Emmy, Edward R. Murrow, Overseas Press Club, SPJ Sigma Delta Chi and Investigative Reporters and Editors Awards. Mr. Sherwood began his career in journalism in 1989 when he joined ABC News as an investigative associate producer and then producer for ABC News’ “PrimeTime Live.” In 1997, he joined NBC’s “Nightly News with Tom Brokaw,” first as broadcast producer, then senior producer, and ultimately senior broadcast producer. Mr. Sherwood returned to ABC News in April 2004 as executive producer of “Good Morning America.” Over the years Mr. Sherwood’s journalism and non-fiction essays have been published in many respected publications. He is the author of two critically acclaimed best-selling novels: The Man Who Ate the 747 (2000) and The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud (2004). In July 2010, The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud was adapted as a feature film starring Zac Efron and was released by Universal Pictures under the title “Charlie St. Cloud.” He also authored The Survivors Club (2009), a New York Times' best-selling exploration of the science and secrets of surviving extraordinary adversity – and how to apply those lessons to everyday challenges. A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Harvard College in 1986, Mr. Sherwood earned an AB degree in American government and history. From 1986 to 1989, as a Rhodes Scholar at Magdalen College, Oxford, he earned master’s degrees in British imperial history and development economics. Mr. Sherwood is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York and serves on the boards of the National Constitution Center, the National Association of Urban Debate Leagues and City Year Los Angeles. Download JPG Download PDF
Ben Sherwood,  is Co-chair, Disney Media Networks, and President, Disney|ABC Television Group, which includes The Walt Disney Company’s global entertainment and news television properties, owned television stations group, and radio business.
John Skipper,  President, ESPN, and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Since taking the helm as ESPN President and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks on January 1, 2012, John Skipper,  has secured ESPN’s leadership position in the crowded sports media landscape into the next decade with bold moves and a commitment to championship events delivered across every available platform. Throughout, he has continued to foster what he calls “our best strategic advantage – the people and culture of ESPN.” Most noteworthy, Skipper has led ESPN to a series of long-term, multiplatform agreements with major rightsholders (all through at least 2021) and distributors: • Major League Baseball, the College Football Playoff, ACC, Big 12, US Open tennis, Rose, Sugar and Orange Bowls, WNBA, American Athletic Conference, Mountain West Conference • In addition, ESPN and the SEC announced a 20-year agreement to create and operate the ESPN SEC Network and digital platforms, while extending the existing media rights agreement through 2034. • Cablevision, Cox Communications, Charter Communications, AT&T U-Verse, National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NTRC) As President, Skipper has emphasized two ESPN hallmarks – always looking ahead and embracing technology to serve sports fans. The largest example will debut in May 2014, a 195,000-square-foot Digital Center 2 at the Connecticut headquarters. The facility, ESPN’s largest building by far, will include numerous technical firsts and is designed to fulfill the growing commitment to mobile offerings. With an eye on fulfilling ESPN’s mission to serve sports fans and growing ESPN’s audience at home and abroad, Skipper has also strongly supported the evolution of the critically acclaimed ESPN Films sports documentary series; the growth of the company’s multimedia business in Latin America; multiplatform Spanish-language ESPN Deportes; and espnW, a digital initiative launched in 2010 to better serve female sports fans. According to Skipper, to maintain the company’s competitive edge, such growth, change and innovation are essential. “ESPN is deeply woven into the lives of sports fans, yet we continue to seek new avenues to inform and entertain,” he says, adding, “We must act like an insurgent, not an incumbent.” An energetic and insightful collaborator who embraces teamwork and intelligent debate to come to decisions, Skipper’s business relationships are defined by finding “win-win” solutions in an increasingly complicated global media landscape. Not surprisingly, he is who ESPN strives to serve – a passionate sports fan – and he is extremely focused on driving business and creative success, earning him the respect of colleagues and competitors alike. Indeed, within his first year after ascending to the top spot, he was named the most influential person in sports bySports Business Journal. Skipper, 58, had been ESPN’s executive vice president, Content, since October 2005, responsible for the creation, programming and production of ESPN content across all media platforms, including television, radio, Internet, broadband, wireless, print, interactive games and home entertainment. He had been executive vice president, advertising sales & ESPN Enterprises, since August 2004. ESPN Career In his 14 years with the company prior to becoming President, Skipper was a key architect of ESPN’s explosive growth. He played leadership roles overseeing the company’s television, digital, print and advertising sales initiatives, as well as ESPN’s focus on brand extensions, bringing the company’s “best available screen” philosophy to life across more platforms and with more wide-ranging major rights agreements than at any time since ESPN’s launch in 1979. This strategy – along with an emphasis on live sports – has strengthened ESPN’s unparalleled relationship with fans while meeting the growing business needs of ESPN’s distributors and advertisers. Under his leadership, ESPN consistently set records for television ratings and digital consumption, and negotiated several wide-ranging, major rights agreements with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the BCS, FIFA, the Masters Tournament, the British Open, the USTA, Wimbledon and several college conferences. Each of those agreements was marked by a significant change that took hold under Skipper – a wide swath of multimedia rights that went well beyond just television to include all forms of media, and terms that extended for a much longer period of time, sometimes a decade or more. This change of approach envisioned an evolving media world driven by the marriage of technology with content, and established stability for ESPN and all of its business partners for years to come. Skipper’s ability to meld creative and business success was demonstrated early when he joined ESPN in June 1997 as senior vice president and general manager of ESPN The Magazine. He oversaw one of the most successful magazine launches of the 1990s. During its inaugural year, the magazine earned more than 20 awards, including “Best New Magazine” honors from bothAdvertising Age and AdWeek magazines, as well as a 1999 National Magazine Award for design. In January 2000, he added the same title for ESPN.com and in January 2003 was promoted to executive vice president. Skipper’s early vision on how content should be presented on digital platforms continues to pay dividends today. With ESPN.com in 2000, he began the shift to broadband from dial-up well before broadband was widely available; launched a pay section, ESPN Insider, with richer content that continues to grow, and completely revamped the site’s approach to advertising. More recently, he envisioned and launched what is now ESPN3, a television network delivering 4,000 live events annually on the web and through mobile devices; helped lead the creation of the Watch ESPN authenticated app which has been downloaded more than four million times, and led the evolution of ESPN the Magazine’s content to include print and digital platforms. Skipper’s tenure overseeing customer marketing and sales was comparatively brief but very impactful – he worked closely with sales leaders to create a truly integrated, cross platform sales force that continues to lead the industry today. Accomplishments, Awards and Accolades During his years leading Content, the collective audience for ESPN’s domestic television networks rose 31%, and weekly users of all of ESPN’s cross-platform content rose 25% to more than 101 million fans. In both 2010 and 2011, ESPN’s U.S. networks combined to set records for the most-watched fiscal year in the company’s history. ESPN also continued to distinguish itself with dozens of prestigious industry awards, including 36 Sports Emmy Awards, two Peabody Awards and several GLAAD, NABJ and NAMIC Vision awards. During his tenure leading the Magazine and ESPN.com, the company has won two General Excellence Awards given by the American Society of Magazine Editors (2003, 2006) and the ONA Online Journalism Award for General Excellence in 2003. ESPN.com also won EPpy Awards (given by Editor & Publisher) for best cable network website and best sports website twice in the past 10 years (2006, 2009). Skipper has frequently appeared on several media and cable industry “most influential” lists, including Sports Business Journal, CableFAX Magazine, Business Week and The Sporting News. Prior to ESPN Before joining ESPN The Magazine, Skipper served nearly three years as senior vice president of The Disney Publishing Group where he was in charge of all Disney’s magazine, book and licensed publishing operations in the United States. Since 1990, Skipper was vice president of Disney Magazine publishing, overseeing Disney Adventures, Discover, FamilyFun and Family PC. Prior to joining The Disney Publishing Group, Skipper held the title of president and publishing director at Spin magazine. Earlier he spent 10 years with Straight Arrow Publishing including eight years with Rolling Stone. At Straight Arrow, he rose to publisher of US magazine. Biographical Information Skipper holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in English Literature from the University of North Carolina and Columbia University, respectively. He is married with two sons. VITAE Jan. 1, 2012 President, ESPN; Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Oct. 2005 Executive Vice President, Content Aug. 2004 Executive Vice President, Advertising Sales & ESPN Enterprises Jan. 2003 Executive Vice President, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com Jan. 2000 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com June 1997 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine July 1994 SVP, The Disney Publishing Group Nov. 1990 VP, Disney Magazine Publishing Jan. 1990 President & Publishing Director, Spin Magazine May 1979 Straight Arrow Publishing Download JPG Download PDF
Since taking the helm as ESPN President and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks on January 1, 2012, John Skipper,  has secured ESPN’s leadership position in the crowded sports media landscape into the next decade with bold moves and a commitment to championship events delivered across every available platform. Throughout, he has continued to foster what he calls “our best strategic advantage – the people and culture of ESPN.”
Brent Woodford,  Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning and Tax Brent A. Woodford is Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning & Tax for The Walt Disney Company. Brent is responsible for developing the company’s operating profit, cash flow and capital spending plans in addition to its external and internal financial reporting. He manages company-wide controllership and related shared service financial activities as well as the corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and Tax functions. Brent also provides administrative oversight of Management Audit. Prior to joining Disney in October 2003, Brent was Vice President, Controller of Yum! Brands, Inc., a spin-off from PepsiCo, and the Controller of PepsiCo’s international restaurant division, serving 10 years with the PepsiCo and Yum! organizations. Brent also spent time as an equity securities analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons, as a financial consultant with Coopers & Lybrand and in the audit practice at KPMG in its Dallas and London offices. Brent is a CPA (inactive) and a Chartered Financial Analyst. He is a member of the Financial Executives International Committee on Corporate Reporting and of the AICPA, serving on its Accounting Standards Executive Committee from 2003 to 2005. He also served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council of the Financial Accounting Foundation from 2006 to 2009. Brent has a B.A. in accounting from Michigan State University and an M.B.A. from St. Louis University. Download JPG Download PDF
Brent A. Woodford,  is Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning & Tax for The Walt Disney Company.
Management Team A commitment to excellence, creativity and innovation. Our executive team's vision and strategic direction deliver stories, characters and experiences that are welcomed into the hearts and homes of millions of families around the world. Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF Andy Bird Chairman, Walt Disney International, The Walt Disney Company Andy Bird Chairman, Walt Disney International, The Walt Disney Company As chairman, Walt Disney International, Andy Bird is responsible for Disney’s businesses outside of the United States. Reporting to Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, Mr. Bird and his global team develop and implement strategies to increase Disney brand affinity and awareness in key international markets, introduce new customers and guests to Disney’s unique storytelling legacy and iconic characters, and invest in and maximize opportunities in emerging markets. Since joining The Walt Disney Company in 2004, Mr. Bird has greatly expanded Disney presence around the world. During his tenure, Disney has: acquired UTV, one of India’s premier media and entertainment companies reaching almost 250 million consumers through film, television and interactive media; launched free-to-air Disney Channels in Russia, Turkey and Spain; launched Dlife, Japan’s first foreign-owned and free-to-air channel targeting women and families; increased local production, particularly for television content; and reorganized and integrated Disney’s international structure and leadership ranks. Prior to joining Disney, Mr. Bird spent nearly a decade with Time Warner, joining in 1994 as senior vice president and general manager of Turner Entertainment Networks Limited. He rose to president of TBS International in 2000, and became responsible for all TBS broadcasting outside of the continental U.S. Between 1989 and 1994, Mr. Bird held a number of positions in radio and television in Europe, including helping to start a music channel, producing and directing a popular London-based morning TV program, and producing a Saturday morning children's TV show. In 1992, Mr. Bird was tapped by Unique Broadcasting, the largest independent radio production company in the United Kingdom, to start up and operate Unique Television. Mr. Bird began his career with Piccadilly Radio in Manchester, England, as breakfast show producer. After that, he moved to London to join the Virgin Broadcasting Company working at Music Box, a Pan-European music channel. Later, Virgin asked Mr. Bird to help launch and program a satellite-delivered national radio service called "Radio Radio." He became head of programming for the service, producing radio shows for leading comedians and television presenters. A native of the United Kingdom, Mr. Bird is a Commander of the British Empire. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English language and literature from the University of Newcastle Upon Tyne in 1985. Download JPG Download PDF Alan Braverman Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Walt Disney Company Alan Braverman Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Walt Disney Company Alan Braverman was named executive vice president and general counsel of The Walt Disney Company in January, 2003. Braverman serves as the chief legal officer of the company and oversees its team of attorneys responsible for all aspects of Disney's legal affairs around the world. Previously, Braverman was executive vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. and deputy general counsel, The Walt Disney Company. In that capacity he oversaw the legal affairs of the ABC Broadcast Group, ESPN and Disney/ABC Cable, as well as labor relations. In August 1996, prior to Disney's acquisition of ABC, Inc., Braverman was named senior vice president and general counsel, ABC, Inc. In October 1994, he was promoted to vice president and general counsel. He joined ABC, Inc. in November 1993, as vice president and deputy general counsel. In his positions with ABC, Inc. Braverman had broad responsibilities for the operation of the legal department, for government relations and for the Corporation's legal affairs. During his tenure at ABC, Braverman guided the company through numerous lawsuits regarding news reporting and news gathering practices, supervised the company's labor department, and oversaw the government relations function for Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. prior to its merger with Disney. Braverman joined Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from the Washington, D.C. law firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, where he started in 1976. He became a partner in 1983, specializing in complex commercial and administrative litigation. Before joining Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, Braverman was a law clerk to the Honorable Thomas W. Pomeroy, Jr., Justice, Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Braverman, a native of Boston, received a B.A. degree from Brandeis University in 1969 and subsequently worked for two years as a Vista volunteer in Gary, Indiana. In 1975, he received a J.D. degree summa cum laude from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, where he was also editor-in-chief of the Law Review. Download JPG Download PDF Bob Chapek Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Bob Chapek Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Bob Chapek was named chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts in February 2015, where he oversees the Company’s iconic travel and leisure businesses. With six resort destinations in the United States, Europe and Asia, a top-rated cruise line, a popular vacation ownership program and an award-winning guided family adventure business, Chapek leads a global team of more than 135,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers charged with delivering magical experiences for millions of guest each year, making memories to last a lifetime. He previously served as president, Disney Consumer Products (DCP) for three and a half years. In that role, Chapek oversaw the organization that brings to life the characters and stories of four iconic Walt Disney Company brands — Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel — through Franchise Licensing & Commercialization, Disney Publishing Worldwide and the Disney Store. Under his leadership, DCP led a transformation in the worlds of play, storytelling, and learning by prioritizing creativity and the strength of the Company's franchises, developing a consumer-first operating philosophy and utilizing technology to create next-generation experiences. Chapek also has served as president of Distribution for The Walt Disney Studios, where he managed the Company's film content distribution strategy across multiple platforms, and president of Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, where he led the organization to record-setting performances on numerous movie titles and played a key role in the commercialization of Disney's live-action and animated direct-to-video business. Throughout his 20-plus years at Disney, he has championed using the latest technology to drive growth and improve the consumer experience, developed groundbreaking business models, and identified new revenue streams to achieve business objectives and sustain long-term growth for the organization. Prior to joining Disney, Chapek worked in brand management at H.J. Heinz Company, and in advertising at J. Walter Thompson. He has a degree in microbiology from Indiana University Bloomington, and received his MBA from Michigan State University. Download JPG Download PDF Alan F. Horn Chairman, The Walt Disney Studios Alan F. Horn Chairman, The Walt Disney Studios As Chairman of The Walt Disney Studios, Alan F. Horn oversees worldwide operations for The Walt Disney Studios including production, distribution, and marketing for live-action and animated films from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm, as well as marketing and distribution for DreamWorks Studios films released under the Touchstone Pictures banner. He also oversees Disney's music and theatrical groups. A prominent figure in the film and television industry for four decades, Horn has overseen creative executive teams responsible for some of the world's most successful entertainment properties including the Harry Potter film franchise and the hit television series Seinfeld. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Studios in 2012, Horn served as President and COO of Warner Bros. Entertainment, leading the studio's theatrical and home entertainment operations, including the Warner Bros. Pictures Group, Warner Premiere, Warner Bros. Theatrical Ventures and Warner Home Video. During Horn's tenure from 1999 to 2011, Warner Bros. was the top-performing studio at the global box office seven times and released numerous critically acclaimed films and box office hits including the eight-film Harry Potter series, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Happy Feet, Sherlock Holmes,The Departed, Million Dollar Baby, the second and third Matrix films and the Ocean's Eleven trilogy. He is an executive producer on The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. In 1987, Horn co-founded Castle Rock Entertainment, where as Chairman and CEO he oversaw a diverse collection of popular, acclaimed film and TV properties including A Few Good Men, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally, City Slickers, In the Line of Fire, and Seinfeld, the most successful show in television history. Horn previously served as President and COO of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and as Chairman and CEO of Embassy Communications. Horn is a co-founder of the Environmental Media Association and a vice chairman of the Natural Resources Defense Council. He is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the Museum of Broadcasting, and he serves on the American Film Institute Board of Directors and the Harvard Business School Board of Dean's Advisors. He is the recipient of the Will Rogers Motion Picture Pioneers Foundation's 2004 Pioneer of the Year Award, Harvard Business School's 2007 Leadership Award, and the Producers Guild of America's 2008 Milestone Award. Horn earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and served as a captain in the U.S. Air Force. In 2010, he received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from New York's Union College, his alma mater Download JPG Download PDF Ronald L. Iden Senior Vice President, Global Security, The Walt Disney Company Ronald L. Iden Senior Vice President, Global Security, The Walt Disney Company Ronald L. Iden was named senior vice president, Security, The Walt Disney Company in July 2004. Mr. Iden focuses on developing and coordinating Disney's security efforts worldwide. Mr. Iden joined Disney from the California Office of Homeland Security, where he was appointed by and served under Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Prior to working for the State, Ron spent 25 years with the Federal Bureau of Investigation holding a variety of roles, culminating in his appointment to lead the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office as assistant director. Among the positions Mr. Iden held while at the FBI were: Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles FBI's investigations of terrorism, foreign counterintelligence, financial crimes and civil rights matters; Deputy Assistant Director of the FBI's Information Resources Division where he was responsible for the FBI's worldwide automation and information management requirements; Chief of the Information Resources Division's strategic planning, budget and personnel operations; and Chief of the FBI's Public Corruption Unit at FBI Headquarters. Mr. Iden was appointed as a Special Agent with the FBI in May 1978, after serving 10 years as a police officer with the Elk Grove Village, Illinois Police Department. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in the Administration of Criminal Justice from the University of Illinois and a Master's degree in Public Administration from the Illinois Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF Kevin Mayer Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Walt Disney Company Kevin Mayer Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Walt Disney Company Kevin Mayer is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees Corporate Strategy, Business Development, Acquisitions, Enterprise Information Technology, Innovation, Brand and Franchise Management, and Global Corporate Alliances. He was named to the position in June 2015. Mr. Mayer most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development, where since 2005 he led a team focused on profitable growth opportunities by targeting emerging businesses new to Disney's existing portfolio and evaluating new technology and business models. The group also executes all mergers and acquisitions. During his tenure, Mr. Mayer has overseen Disney's strategic acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Club Penguin and Maker Studios. He also managed Disney's investment in Hungama and UTV in India, enhancing Disney's growth outside of the United States. In 2009 and 2011, "The Deal" readers named Disney the Most Admired Corporate Dealmaker in the media sector. Mr. Mayer rejoined Disney from L.E.K. Consulting LLC, where he was a partner and head of the Global Media and Entertainment practice. Prior to L.E.K., Mr. Mayer held leading positions at interactive and Internet businesses, including chairman and CEO of Clear Channel Interactive, where he managed all aspects of new media business, including content, sales, business and technology development, and distribution. Mr. Mayer first joined Disney in 1993 as Manager, Strategic Planning, where he spearheaded strategy and business development for all of Disney's interactive/Internet and television businesses worldwide. Later, he became Executive Vice President of the Internet group, responsible for the operations, business plans, creative direction and distribution of Disney's popular Web sites, including ESPN.com and ABCNews.com. Mr. Mayer received his M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1990, and holds a M.S.E.E. from San Diego State University and a B.S.M.E. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Download JPG Download PDF Christine M. McCarthy Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Walt Disney Company Christine M. McCarthy Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Walt Disney Company Christine M. McCarthy is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company and oversees the company’s worldwide finance organization, investor relations, corporate planning and control, tax, corporate treasury, corporate real estate, facilities, integrated supply chain management, and corporate citizenship. Ms. McCarthy most recently served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Real Estate, Alliances and Treasurer of The Walt Disney Company. In that role, she was responsible for the enterprise-wide management of a variety of functions, including corporate finance, capital markets, financial risk management, international treasury, insurance, pension and investments, global cash management and treasury operations, and credit and collections. She also oversaw corporate alliances and the company’s global real estate organization, including development, portfolio management and facilities management. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. McCarthy was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Imperial Bancorp from 1997 to 2000. She held various finance and planning positions at First Interstate Bancorp from 1981 to 1996, and was elected Executive Vice President in Finance for First Interstate in 1993. She has served as Disney’s representative on the board of FM Global since 2010. Christine is also a Trustee of the Westridge School for Girls in Pasadena, Calif., and a mentor for the National Math and Science Initiative’s STEM program. She was a former board member of the Phoenix House California and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, and served as both the Treasurer and a Director of the Alumnae Association of Smith College, as well as a member of the Smith College Investment Committee. She has been named multiple times to Treasury & Risk magazine’s “100 Most Influential People in Finance” and in June 2015 was named Treasury Today magazine’s Woman of the Year, one of the profession’s most highly regarded benchmarks. Ms. McCarthy completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Biological Sciences at Smith College, where she received an award for excellence in botany, and later earned an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the Anderson School at UCLA. Download JPG Download PDF Zenia Mucha Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, The Walt Disney Company Zenia Mucha Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, The Walt Disney Company As Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer, Zenia Mucha is responsible for global communications for The Walt Disney Company, including acting as chief spokesperson and overseeing communication strategy and media relations for the company, its various business segments and its philanthropic and environmental initiatives. Her role also includes oversight of internal communications, the Walt Disney Archives and D23. Since 2002, Ms. Mucha has led the communications and positioning strategy for all of Disney’s strategic business initiatives including the acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm; the Company’s leadership in leveraging digital technology to connect consumers to creative content in new and exciting ways; and its expansion and growth in international markets. Under her direction, Disney launched D23, the first-ever official Disney fan club, with members in all 50 states and 35 countries. Since its 2009 debut, D23 has delighted Disney fans with experiences such as the bi-annual D23 Expo: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event, year-round member-only insider access events, and the award-winning quarterly magazine, Disney Twenty-three. Ms. Mucha originally joined the Company in 2001, as senior vice president, Communications, for the ABC Broadcast Group and the ABC Television Network. In this role, she oversaw the communication strategy and implementation of all external and internal communications. She also had oversight of public service campaigns, audience information, internal publication and the ABC Foundation. Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company, Ms. Mucha served as director of communications and senior policy advisor to New York State Governor George Pataki. In these roles, she counseled him on a broad range of public policy and other issues and successfully positioned him for re-election, earning a national reputation for her communication strategy and political expertise in the process. The New York Times described her role as expanded beyond communications, “to include virtually every major decision made by the Governor.” Ms. Mucha previously served as communications director for United States Senator Alfonse D’Amato, managing his successful re-election campaigns in 1986 and 1992. She originally joined Senator D’Amato’s team in 1982 as a press representative. In 2012 Ms. Mucha received the prestigious Matrix Award from New York Women in Communications, Inc. She has also been named one of the 100 Most Important In-House Communicators in the World by The Holmes Report, PR Week’s Top 50 Industry Elite and was recognized on PR Week’s Power List for 2014. Download JPG Download PDF Jayne Parker Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, The Walt Disney Company Jayne Parker Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, The Walt Disney Company Jayne Parker was named Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for The Walt Disney Company in September 2009. During her tenure she has changed the function, culture and impact of HR across the company to support its business goals and strategies as well as the needs and aspirations of its 180,000 employees around the world. She has worked with leaders across Disney’s many lines of business to build and manage an HR organization that reflects their dynamic needs and helps them achieve their goals and results. While Ms. Parker has been CHRO, Disney has acquired Marvel, Lucasfilm and Maker Studios, and has grown its global employee population by more than 30,000 people. In her current role Ms. Parker is responsible for areas that include leading Disney's overall human resources strategy, global talent acquisition, leadership development, diversity and inclusion, organizational design and cultural development, employee education and development, compensation and benefits, HR operations and technology, and employee relations. Most recently, Ms. Parker has transformed Disney’s HR structure to include centers of excellence and shared services, as well as segment specific support. In this model HR leaders oversee both company and segment HR efforts, and the connectedness established has resulted in greater accountability, stronger collaboration among businesses, improved efficiency, and increased effectiveness in meeting both business and companywide priorities and needs. As CHRO, Ms. Parker has overseen efforts that have resulted in: more effective and streamlined companywide talent acquisition practices that better utilize technology; a companywide diversity and inclusion strategy, including initiatives to improve diversity at the executive level, expanded hiring of veterans, launch of a global women and workplace initiative, and launch of a companywide Hispanic initiative; a redesigned retirement program; an initiative to harmonize compensation and benefit programs across the company to promote efficient internal movement of talent; and more thoughtful, comprehensive talent management and talent development programs. One of Ms. Parker’s major contributions as CHRO has been opening an important dialogue between Disney and its employees through a comprehensive bi-annual survey that engages employees at all levels and serves as the foundation for future change and progress. Previously, Ms. Parker served as the Senior Vice President of Human Resources, Diversity and Inclusion for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide. In this position, she had responsibility for all human resources-related services for nearly 100,000 Cast Members, Crew Members and Imagineers globally, including: employee/labor relations, diversity and inclusion, compliance, recruitment, talent planning, learning and development, organizational development, compensation, benefits and workforce planning. She led a team focused on developing and implementing strategies that drove business results, created a positive work environment and experience for Cast, Crew and Imagineers and increased levels of employee engagement. She also served as a member of the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Executive Committee. Jayne began her Disney career in 1988, developing the programs that became a part of the Disney Institute. Over the next 20 years, she took on positions of increasing responsibility at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, including Manager and Director of Disney University, Director and Vice President of Organization Improvement and Vice President of Organization and Professional Development. Prior to joining Disney, Jayne was a consultant with Wilson Learning Corporation, where she was responsible for designing and developing media-based programs and management development seminars for education and assessment. During that time, products she developed were awarded first and second place by the International Television & Video Association. Jayne holds degrees in communications and education, a master's in instruction design and technology and an M.B.A., all from the University of Central Florida. Download JPG Download PDF James Pitaro Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media James Pitaro Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media James Pitaro was named chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI) in February 2016, where he oversees the Company’s creation of physical and digital experiences across more than 100 categories. Pitaro and his team bring to life the characters and stories of four iconic brands—Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel – through the world’s largest licensing business across toys, apparel and home goods; the world’s largest children’s book publisher; a robust digital game slate including mobile and console experiences; and approximately 350 Disney Store locations around the world. Also under Pitaro’s leadership is the team at Maker Studios as well as cutting-edge technologists and creative content experts that manage Disney’s web and social media presence and create original content for next-generation audiences. In addition, his team manages the Company’s relationships with retailers globally. Pitaro previously served as president, Disney Interactive, where he successfully led the turnaround of the gaming and digital media division of The Walt Disney Company. Prior to his roles at Disney, Pitaro served as vice president and head of Yahoo Media where he was responsible for guiding the strategic growth and continued development of Yahoo’s media properties, including Yahoo Sports and Yahoo Music. He was credited with leading those businesses to their positions as the number one online sports and music destinations. Pitaro was also vice president of business affairs for LAUNCH Media, Inc. and practiced law at several New York firms. Pitaro holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Cornell University and a Juris Doctor from St. John’s Law School. Download JPG Download PDF Ben Sherwood Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney | ABC Television Group Ben Sherwood Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney | ABC Television Group Ben Sherwood is Co-chair, Disney Media Networks, and President, Disney|ABC Television Group, which includes The Walt Disney Company’s global entertainment and news television properties, owned television stations group, and radio business. In this role Mr. Sherwood oversees ABC Studios, the ABC Owned Television Stations Group, and the ABC Television Network. He also oversees Disney Channels Worldwide, a portfolio of more than 100 kid-driven, family-inclusive entertainment channels or channel feeds available in 169 countries in 35 languages, including Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior, Disney Cinemagic, Hungama, and Radio Disney brands. Additionally, Mr. Sherwood’s responsibilities include oversight of cable network ABC Family, and the company’s equity interest in A+E Networks, Fusion, and Hulu. All told, the Disney/ABC portfolio is responsible for the creation of more than 24,000 hours of original content each year. Prior to this, Mr. Sherwood was president, ABC News, a position he had held since December 2010. In this role, he was responsible for all aspects of ABC News' broadcasts as well as ABC News Radio, ABCNEWS.com, satellite service NewsOne and ABC News NOW. ABC News reaches a combined audience of well over 270 million people a month on television, on radio and online. During Mr. Sherwood’s tenure, “Good Morning America” became the #1 morning TV news program, and the news division won the most prestigious honors in the industry, including George Polk, George Foster Peabody, News and Documentary Emmy, Edward R. Murrow, Overseas Press Club, SPJ Sigma Delta Chi and Investigative Reporters and Editors Awards. Mr. Sherwood began his career in journalism in 1989 when he joined ABC News as an investigative associate producer and then producer for ABC News’ “PrimeTime Live.” In 1997, he joined NBC’s “Nightly News with Tom Brokaw,” first as broadcast producer, then senior producer, and ultimately senior broadcast producer. Mr. Sherwood returned to ABC News in April 2004 as executive producer of “Good Morning America.” Over the years Mr. Sherwood’s journalism and non-fiction essays have been published in many respected publications. He is the author of two critically acclaimed best-selling novels: The Man Who Ate the 747 (2000) and The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud (2004). In July 2010, The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud was adapted as a feature film starring Zac Efron and was released by Universal Pictures under the title “Charlie St. Cloud.” He also authored The Survivors Club (2009), a New York Times' best-selling exploration of the science and secrets of surviving extraordinary adversity – and how to apply those lessons to everyday challenges. A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Harvard College in 1986, Mr. Sherwood earned an AB degree in American government and history. From 1986 to 1989, as a Rhodes Scholar at Magdalen College, Oxford, he earned master’s degrees in British imperial history and development economics. Mr. Sherwood is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York and serves on the boards of the National Constitution Center, the National Association of Urban Debate Leagues and City Year Los Angeles. Download JPG Download PDF John Skipper President, ESPN, and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks John Skipper President, ESPN, and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Since taking the helm as ESPN President and Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks on January 1, 2012, John Skipper has secured ESPN’s leadership position in the crowded sports media landscape into the next decade with bold moves and a commitment to championship events delivered across every available platform. Throughout, he has continued to foster what he calls “our best strategic advantage – the people and culture of ESPN.” Most noteworthy, Skipper has led ESPN to a series of long-term, multiplatform agreements with major rightsholders (all through at least 2021) and distributors: • Major League Baseball, the College Football Playoff, ACC, Big 12, US Open tennis, Rose, Sugar and Orange Bowls, WNBA, American Athletic Conference, Mountain West Conference • In addition, ESPN and the SEC announced a 20-year agreement to create and operate the ESPN SEC Network and digital platforms, while extending the existing media rights agreement through 2034. • Cablevision, Cox Communications, Charter Communications, AT&T U-Verse, National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NTRC) As President, Skipper has emphasized two ESPN hallmarks – always looking ahead and embracing technology to serve sports fans. The largest example will debut in May 2014, a 195,000-square-foot Digital Center 2 at the Connecticut headquarters. The facility, ESPN’s largest building by far, will include numerous technical firsts and is designed to fulfill the growing commitment to mobile offerings. With an eye on fulfilling ESPN’s mission to serve sports fans and growing ESPN’s audience at home and abroad, Skipper has also strongly supported the evolution of the critically acclaimed ESPN Films sports documentary series; the growth of the company’s multimedia business in Latin America; multiplatform Spanish-language ESPN Deportes; and espnW, a digital initiative launched in 2010 to better serve female sports fans. According to Skipper, to maintain the company’s competitive edge, such growth, change and innovation are essential. “ESPN is deeply woven into the lives of sports fans, yet we continue to seek new avenues to inform and entertain,” he says, adding, “We must act like an insurgent, not an incumbent.” An energetic and insightful collaborator who embraces teamwork and intelligent debate to come to decisions, Skipper’s business relationships are defined by finding “win-win” solutions in an increasingly complicated global media landscape. Not surprisingly, he is who ESPN strives to serve – a passionate sports fan – and he is extremely focused on driving business and creative success, earning him the respect of colleagues and competitors alike. Indeed, within his first year after ascending to the top spot, he was named the most influential person in sports bySports Business Journal. Skipper, 58, had been ESPN’s executive vice president, Content, since October 2005, responsible for the creation, programming and production of ESPN content across all media platforms, including television, radio, Internet, broadband, wireless, print, interactive games and home entertainment. He had been executive vice president, advertising sales & ESPN Enterprises, since August 2004. ESPN Career In his 14 years with the company prior to becoming President, Skipper was a key architect of ESPN’s explosive growth. He played leadership roles overseeing the company’s television, digital, print and advertising sales initiatives, as well as ESPN’s focus on brand extensions, bringing the company’s “best available screen” philosophy to life across more platforms and with more wide-ranging major rights agreements than at any time since ESPN’s launch in 1979. This strategy – along with an emphasis on live sports – has strengthened ESPN’s unparalleled relationship with fans while meeting the growing business needs of ESPN’s distributors and advertisers. Under his leadership, ESPN consistently set records for television ratings and digital consumption, and negotiated several wide-ranging, major rights agreements with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the BCS, FIFA, the Masters Tournament, the British Open, the USTA, Wimbledon and several college conferences. Each of those agreements was marked by a significant change that took hold under Skipper – a wide swath of multimedia rights that went well beyond just television to include all forms of media, and terms that extended for a much longer period of time, sometimes a decade or more. This change of approach envisioned an evolving media world driven by the marriage of technology with content, and established stability for ESPN and all of its business partners for years to come. Skipper’s ability to meld creative and business success was demonstrated early when he joined ESPN in June 1997 as senior vice president and general manager of ESPN The Magazine. He oversaw one of the most successful magazine launches of the 1990s. During its inaugural year, the magazine earned more than 20 awards, including “Best New Magazine” honors from bothAdvertising Age and AdWeek magazines, as well as a 1999 National Magazine Award for design. In January 2000, he added the same title for ESPN.com and in January 2003 was promoted to executive vice president. Skipper’s early vision on how content should be presented on digital platforms continues to pay dividends today. With ESPN.com in 2000, he began the shift to broadband from dial-up well before broadband was widely available; launched a pay section, ESPN Insider, with richer content that continues to grow, and completely revamped the site’s approach to advertising. More recently, he envisioned and launched what is now ESPN3, a television network delivering 4,000 live events annually on the web and through mobile devices; helped lead the creation of the Watch ESPN authenticated app which has been downloaded more than four million times, and led the evolution of ESPN the Magazine’s content to include print and digital platforms. Skipper’s tenure overseeing customer marketing and sales was comparatively brief but very impactful – he worked closely with sales leaders to create a truly integrated, cross platform sales force that continues to lead the industry today. Accomplishments, Awards and Accolades During his years leading Content, the collective audience for ESPN’s domestic television networks rose 31%, and weekly users of all of ESPN’s cross-platform content rose 25% to more than 101 million fans. In both 2010 and 2011, ESPN’s U.S. networks combined to set records for the most-watched fiscal year in the company’s history. ESPN also continued to distinguish itself with dozens of prestigious industry awards, including 36 Sports Emmy Awards, two Peabody Awards and several GLAAD, NABJ and NAMIC Vision awards. During his tenure leading the Magazine and ESPN.com, the company has won two General Excellence Awards given by the American Society of Magazine Editors (2003, 2006) and the ONA Online Journalism Award for General Excellence in 2003. ESPN.com also won EPpy Awards (given by Editor & Publisher) for best cable network website and best sports website twice in the past 10 years (2006, 2009). Skipper has frequently appeared on several media and cable industry “most influential” lists, including Sports Business Journal, CableFAX Magazine, Business Week and The Sporting News. Prior to ESPN Before joining ESPN The Magazine, Skipper served nearly three years as senior vice president of The Disney Publishing Group where he was in charge of all Disney’s magazine, book and licensed publishing operations in the United States. Since 1990, Skipper was vice president of Disney Magazine publishing, overseeing Disney Adventures, Discover, FamilyFun and Family PC. Prior to joining The Disney Publishing Group, Skipper held the title of president and publishing director at Spin magazine. Earlier he spent 10 years with Straight Arrow Publishing including eight years with Rolling Stone. At Straight Arrow, he rose to publisher of US magazine. Biographical Information Skipper holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in English Literature from the University of North Carolina and Columbia University, respectively. He is married with two sons. VITAE Jan. 1, 2012 President, ESPN; Co-Chairman, Disney Media Networks Oct. 2005 Executive Vice President, Content Aug. 2004 Executive Vice President, Advertising Sales & ESPN Enterprises Jan. 2003 Executive Vice President, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com Jan. 2000 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com June 1997 SVP and GM, ESPN the Magazine July 1994 SVP, The Disney Publishing Group Nov. 1990 VP, Disney Magazine Publishing Jan. 1990 President & Publishing Director, Spin Magazine May 1979 Straight Arrow Publishing Download JPG Download PDF Brent Woodford Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning and Tax Brent Woodford Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning and Tax Brent A. Woodford is Executive Vice President, Controllership, Financial Planning & Tax for The Walt Disney Company. Brent is responsible for developing the company’s operating profit, cash flow and capital spending plans in addition to its external and internal financial reporting. He manages company-wide controllership and related shared service financial activities as well as the corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and Tax functions. Brent also provides administrative oversight of Management Audit. Prior to joining Disney in October 2003, Brent was Vice President, Controller of Yum! Brands, Inc., a spin-off from PepsiCo, and the Controller of PepsiCo’s international restaurant division, serving 10 years with the PepsiCo and Yum! organizations. Brent also spent time as an equity securities analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons, as a financial consultant with Coopers & Lybrand and in the audit practice at KPMG in its Dallas and London offices. Brent is a CPA (inactive) and a Chartered Financial Analyst. He is a member of the Financial Executives International Committee on Corporate Reporting and of the AICPA, serving on its Accounting Standards Executive Committee from 2003 to 2005. He also served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council of the Financial Accounting Foundation from 2006 to 2009. Brent has a B.A. in accounting from Michigan State University and an M.B.A. from St. Louis University. Download JPG Download PDF View More, 
Robert A. Iger,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger,  is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF
Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes,  magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune,  magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s,  (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek,  magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013).
Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune,  magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes,  magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor,  magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine,  (2014).
Susan Arnold,  Director since 2007 Susan E. Arnold, 60, has been an operating executive of The Carlyle Group, an equity investment firm, since September 2013. She retired as President — Global Business Units of Procter & Gamble in 2009, a position she had held since 2007. Prior to 2009, she was Vice Chair of P&G Beauty and Health from 2006, Vice Chair of P&G Beauty from 2004 and President Global Personal Beauty Care and Global Feminine Care from 2002. She has been a director of McDonalds Corporation since 2008 and of NBTY, Inc. since 2013. Ms. Arnold has been a Director of the Company since 2007. Download JPG
Susan E. Arnold, , 60, has been an operating executive of The Carlyle Group, an equity investment firm, since September 2013. She retired as President — Global Business Units of Procter & Gamble in 2009, a position she had held since 2007. Prior to 2009, she was Vice Chair of P&G Beauty and Health from 2006, Vice Chair of P&G Beauty from 2004 and President Global Personal Beauty Care and Global Feminine Care from 2002. She has been a director of McDonalds Corporation since 2008 and of NBTY, Inc. since 2013. Ms. Arnold has been a Director of the Company since 2007.
Director since 2007 Susan E. Arnold, 60, has been an operating executive of The Carlyle Group, an equity investment firm, since September 2013. She retired as President — Global Business Units of Procter & Gamble in 2009, a position she had held since 2007. Prior to 2009, she was Vice Chair of P&G Beauty and Health from 2006, Vice Chair of P&G Beauty from 2004 and President Global Personal Beauty Care and Global Feminine Care from 2002. She has been a director of McDonalds Corporation since 2008 and of NBTY, Inc. since 2013. Ms. Arnold has been a Director of the Company since 2007. Download JPG, 
John S. Chen,  Director since 2004 John S. Chen, , 59, has been Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Blackberry, Ltd., a maker of mobile devices, since November, 2013, and is a Senior Advisor of Silver Lake, a private investment firm. Mr. Chen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sybase Inc., a software developer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAP AG from July 2010 through November 1, 2012. Prior to SAP’s acquisition of Sybase in July 2010, Mr. Chen had been Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Sybase, Inc., since November 1998. From February 1998 through November 1998, he served as co-Chief Executive Officer of Sybase. Mr. Chen has been a director of Wells Fargo & Company since 2006 and a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG
John S. Chen, , 59, has been Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Blackberry, Ltd., a maker of mobile devices, since November, 2013, and is a Senior Advisor of Silver Lake, a private investment firm. Mr. Chen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sybase Inc., a software developer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAP AG from July 2010 through November 1, 2012. Prior to SAP’s acquisition of Sybase in July 2010, Mr. Chen had been Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Sybase, Inc., since November 1998. From February 1998 through November 1998, he served as co-Chief Executive Officer of Sybase. Mr. Chen has been a director of Wells Fargo & Company since 2006 and a Director of the Company since 2004.
Director since 2004 John S. Chen, 59, has been Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Blackberry, Ltd., a maker of mobile devices, since November, 2013, and is a Senior Advisor of Silver Lake, a private investment firm. Mr. Chen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sybase Inc., a software developer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAP AG from July 2010 through November 1, 2012. Prior to SAP’s acquisition of Sybase in July 2010, Mr. Chen had been Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Sybase, Inc., since November 1998. From February 1998 through November 1998, he served as co-Chief Executive Officer of Sybase. Mr. Chen has been a director of Wells Fargo & Company since 2006 and a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG, 
Jack Dorsey,  Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey, , 38, is the founder and has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Twitter, Inc., a developer and provider of mobile communication applications, since 2008 and as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Square, Inc., a provider of payment processing services, since 2009. Mr. Dorsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Twitter from 2007 to 2008 and has been a director of Twitter since 2007. He has been a Director of the Company since 2013. Download JPG
Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey, 38, is the founder and has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Twitter, Inc., a developer and provider of mobile communication applications, since 2008 and as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Square, Inc., a provider of payment processing services, since 2009. Mr. Dorsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Twitter from 2007 to 2008 and has been a director of Twitter since 2007. He has been a Director of the Company since 2013. Download JPG, 
Maria Elena Lagomasino,  DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino, , 66, is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office serving high net worth families, and has held these positions since March 2013. Ms. Lagomasino served as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, an affiliate of SunTrust Banks, Inc., from November 2005 through October 2012. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Lagomasino was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank, a division of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a global financial services firm. Prior to assuming this position, she was Managing Director of The Chase Manhattan Bank in charge of its Global Private Banking Group. Ms. Lagomasino had been with Chase Manhattan since 1983 in various positions in private banking. Ms. Lagomasino is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and is a founder of the Institute for the Fiduciary Standard. She is a director of the Americas Society and served as a Trustee of the National Geographic Society from 2007 to 2015. She served as a director of the Coca Cola Company from 2003 to 2006 and from 2008 to the present, and she has served as a director of Avon Products, Inc. since 2001. Ms. Lagomasino has been a Director of the Company since 2015. Download JPG
DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino, 66, is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office serving high net worth families, and has held these positions since March 2013. Ms. Lagomasino served as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, an affiliate of SunTrust Banks, Inc., from November 2005 through October 2012. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Lagomasino was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank, a division of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a global financial services firm. Prior to assuming this position, she was Managing Director of The Chase Manhattan Bank in charge of its Global Private Banking Group. Ms. Lagomasino had been with Chase Manhattan since 1983 in various positions in private banking. Ms. Lagomasino is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and is a founder of the Institute for the Fiduciary Standard. She is a director of the Americas Society and served as a Trustee of the National Geographic Society from 2007 to 2015. She served as a director of the Coca Cola Company from 2003 to 2006 and from 2008 to the present, and she has served as a director of Avon Products, Inc. since 2001. Ms. Lagomasino has been a Director of the Company since 2015.,  Download JPG, 
Fred H. Langhammer,  Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer, , 71, is Chairman, Global Affairs, of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cosmetics products. Prior to being named Chairman, Global Affairs, Mr. Langhammer was Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2004, President from 1995 to 2004 and Chief Operating Officer from 1985 through 1999. Mr. Langhammer joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1975 as President of its operations in Japan. In 1982, he was appointed Managing Director of its operations in Germany. He was a director of Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., from 2009 to March 2014 and was a director of The Shinsei Bank Limited from 2005 to 2009 and a director of AIG from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Langhammer has been a Director of the Company since 2005. Download JPG
Fred H. Langhammer, , 71, is Chairman, Global Affairs, of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cosmetics products. Prior to being named Chairman, Global Affairs, Mr. Langhammer was Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2004, President from 1995 to 2004 and Chief Operating Officer from 1985 through 1999. Mr. Langhammer joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1975 as President of its operations in Japan. In 1982, he was appointed Managing Director of its operations in Germany. He was a director of Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., from 2009 to March 2014 and was a director of The Shinsei Bank Limited from 2005 to 2009 and a director of AIG from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Langhammer has been a Director of the Company since 2005.
Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer, 71, is Chairman, Global Affairs, of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cosmetics products. Prior to being named Chairman, Global Affairs, Mr. Langhammer was Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2004, President from 1995 to 2004 and Chief Operating Officer from 1985 through 1999. Mr. Langhammer joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1975 as President of its operations in Japan. In 1982, he was appointed Managing Director of its operations in Germany. He was a director of Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., from 2009 to March 2014 and was a director of The Shinsei Bank Limited from 2005 to 2009 and a director of AIG from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Langhammer has been a Director of the Company since 2005. Download JPG, 
Aylwin B. Lewis,  Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis, , 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the Board of Directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis has been a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide since January 1, 2013. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG
Aylwin B. Lewis, , 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the Board of Directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis has been a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide since January 1, 2013. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004.
Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis, 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the Board of Directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis has been a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide since January 1, 2013. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG, 
Robert W. Matschullat,  Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat, , 67, is retired and served from 1995 until 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd., a global company with entertainment and beverage operations. Prior to joining Seagram, Mr. Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors. He is Lead Director of The Clorox Company, where he was Interim Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from March to October 2006. Mr. Matschullat is a director and Chairman of the Board of Visa Inc. Mr. Matschullat has been a Director of the Company since 2002. Download JPG
Robert W. Matschullat, , 67, is retired and served from 1995 until 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd., a global company with entertainment and beverage operations. Prior to joining Seagram, Mr. Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors. He is Lead Director of The Clorox Company, where he was Interim Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from March to October 2006. Mr. Matschullat is a director and Chairman of the Board of Visa Inc. Mr. Matschullat has been a Director of the Company since 2002.
Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat, 67, is retired and served from 1995 until 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd., a global company with entertainment and beverage operations. Prior to joining Seagram, Mr. Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors. He is Lead Director of The Clorox Company, where he was Interim Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from March to October 2006. Mr. Matschullat is a director and Chairman of the Board of Visa Inc. Mr. Matschullat has been a Director of the Company since 2002. Download JPG, 
Mark G. Parker,  DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker, , 60, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2006. He has been employed by NIKE since 1979 in a variety of positions with primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing and brand management. Mr. Parker has been a member of the Board of Directors of NIKE since 2006, and has been a Director of the Company since January 2016. Download JPG
DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker, 60, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2006. He has been employed by NIKE since 1979 in a variety of positions with primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing and brand management. Mr. Parker has been a member of the Board of Directors of NIKE since 2006, and has been a Director of the Company since January 2016. Download JPG, 
Sheryl Sandberg,  Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg, , 45, has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, Inc., an online social networking company, since 2008. From 2001 to 2008, Ms. Sandberg was the Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations for Google Inc., an Internet search engine company. Ms. Sandberg also is a former Chief of Staff of the United States Treasury Department and previously served as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and as an economist with The World Bank. Ms. Sandberg served as a director of Starbucks Corp. from 2009 to 2012. She also serves on a number of nonprofit boards including Women for Women International, and V-Day. She served as a director of eHealth, Inc. from 2006 to 2008 and as a director of Facebook since June 2012. She has been a Director of the Company since 2010. Download JPG
Sheryl Sandberg, , 45, has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, Inc., an online social networking company, since 2008. From 2001 to 2008, Ms. Sandberg was the Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations for Google Inc., an Internet search engine company. Ms. Sandberg also is a former Chief of Staff of the United States Treasury Department and previously served as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and as an economist with The World Bank. Ms. Sandberg served as a director of Starbucks Corp. from 2009 to 2012. She also serves on a number of nonprofit boards including Women for Women International, and V-Day. She served as a director of eHealth, Inc. from 2006 to 2008 and as a director of Facebook since June 2012. She has been a Director of the Company since 2010.
Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg, 45, has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, Inc., an online social networking company, since 2008. From 2001 to 2008, Ms. Sandberg was the Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations for Google Inc., an Internet search engine company. Ms. Sandberg also is a former Chief of Staff of the United States Treasury Department and previously served as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and as an economist with The World Bank. Ms. Sandberg served as a director of Starbucks Corp. from 2009 to 2012. She also serves on a number of nonprofit boards including Women for Women International, and V-Day. She served as a director of eHealth, Inc. from 2006 to 2008 and as a director of Facebook since June 2012. She has been a Director of the Company since 2010. Download JPG, 
Orin C. Smith,  Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith, , 72, is retired and was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005. He joined Starbucks as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1990, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1994, and became a director of Starbucks in 1996. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Smith spent a total of 14 years with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Smith has been a director of Nike, Inc. since 2004 and served on the Board of Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to March 2012. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Conservation International and the University of Washington Board of Regents. Mr. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 2006 and has served as independent Lead Director since 2012. *Elected Independent Lead Director as of March 13, 2012 Download JPG
Orin C. Smith, , 72, is retired and was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005. He joined Starbucks as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1990, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1994, and became a director of Starbucks in 1996. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Smith spent a total of 14 years with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Smith has been a director of Nike, Inc. since 2004 and served on the Board of Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to March 2012. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Conservation International and the University of Washington Board of Regents. Mr. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 2006 and has served as independent Lead Director since 2012.
Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith, 72, is retired and was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005. He joined Starbucks as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1990, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1994, and became a director of Starbucks in 1996. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Smith spent a total of 14 years with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Smith has been a director of Nike, Inc. since 2004 and served on the Board of Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to March 2012. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Conservation International and the University of Washington Board of Regents. Mr. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 2006 and has served as independent Lead Director since 2012. *Elected Independent Lead Director as of March 13, 2012 Download JPG, 
Board of Directors The Walt Disney Company's Board of Directors hail from renowned global organizations and industries, bringing a diverse range of knowledge, perspective and experience to guide and drive long-term value to the company. Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Iger is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Iger is the steward of the world’s largest media company and some of the most respected and beloved brands around the globe. His strategic vision for The Walt Disney Company focuses on three fundamental pillars: generating the best creative content possible; fostering innovation and utilizing the latest technology; and expanding into new markets around the world. Mr. Iger has built on Disney’s rich history of unforgettable storytelling with the acquisition of Pixar (2006), Marvel (2009), and Lucasfilm (2012), and the landmark opening of Disney’s first theme park and resort in Mainland China, Shanghai Disney Resort. Always one to embrace new technology, Mr. Iger has made Disney an industry leader through its creative content offerings across new and multiple platforms. Disney’s exceptional entertainment experiences, widely diverse content, and unique skill in managing businesses in an integrated manner have led to strong results. In fiscal 2015, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and earnings per share for the fifth year in a row. During Mr. Iger’s tenure, The Walt Disney Company has been recognized as one of the “Most Reputable Companies” in both America and the world by Forbes magazine (2006-2016); one of “America's Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine (2009-2016); one of the “World's Most Respected Companies" by Barron’s (2009-2014); one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” by BusinessWeek magazine (2006-2010); and as “Company of the Year” by Yahoo Finance (2013). Prior to his current role, Mr. Iger served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning October 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000-2005. Mr. Iger officially joined the Disney senior management team in 1996 as Chairman of the Disney-owned ABC Group and in 1999 was given the additional responsibility of President, Walt Disney International. In that role, Mr. Iger expanded and coordinated Disney’s presence outside of the United States, establishing the blueprint for the Company’s international growth today. As Chairman of the ABC Group, Mr. Iger oversaw the broadcast television network and station group, cable television properties, and radio and publishing businesses and also guided the complex merger between Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and The Walt Disney Company. During Mr. Iger’s years with ABC, he obtained hands-on experience in every aspect of the television business—including news, sports, and entertainment—as well as in program acquisition, rights negotiations, and business affairs. He began his career at ABC in 1974. Mr. Iger has been named one of Fortune magazine's “25 Most Powerful People in Business” (2006, 2007); one of the “Top Gun CEOs” by Forbes magazine (2009); one of the “Best CEOs” by Institutional Investor magazine (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011); MarketWatch CEO of the Year (2006); and “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine (2014). Mr. Iger joined the Apple board of directors in November 2011 and became a board member of the U.S.-China Business Council in June 2011. He also serves on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the President’s Export Council, which advises the President on how to promote U.S. exports, jobs, and growth. Mr. Iger is also a member of the Partnership for a New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders from across the United States that supports comprehensive immigration reform. In 2012, Mr. Iger became a member of the Academy of Arts & Sciences, one of the nation’s most prestigious honorary societies, which recognizes some of the world’s most accomplished scholars, scientists, writers, artists, and civic, corporate, and philanthropic leaders. Mr. Iger is a graduate of Ithaca College. Download JPG Download PDF Susan Arnold Director since 2007 Susan Arnold Director since 2007 Susan E. Arnold, 60, has been an operating executive of The Carlyle Group, an equity investment firm, since September 2013. She retired as President — Global Business Units of Procter & Gamble in 2009, a position she had held since 2007. Prior to 2009, she was Vice Chair of P&G Beauty and Health from 2006, Vice Chair of P&G Beauty from 2004 and President Global Personal Beauty Care and Global Feminine Care from 2002. She has been a director of McDonalds Corporation since 2008 and of NBTY, Inc. since 2013. Ms. Arnold has been a Director of the Company since 2007. Download JPG John S. Chen Director since 2004 John S. Chen Director since 2004 John S. Chen, 59, has been Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Blackberry, Ltd., a maker of mobile devices, since November, 2013, and is a Senior Advisor of Silver Lake, a private investment firm. Mr. Chen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sybase Inc., a software developer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAP AG from July 2010 through November 1, 2012. Prior to SAP’s acquisition of Sybase in July 2010, Mr. Chen had been Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Sybase, Inc., since November 1998. From February 1998 through November 1998, he served as co-Chief Executive Officer of Sybase. Mr. Chen has been a director of Wells Fargo & Company since 2006 and a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG Jack Dorsey Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey Director since 2013 Jack Dorsey, 38, is the founder and has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Twitter, Inc., a developer and provider of mobile communication applications, since 2008 and as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Square, Inc., a provider of payment processing services, since 2009. Mr. Dorsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Twitter from 2007 to 2008 and has been a director of Twitter since 2007. He has been a Director of the Company since 2013. Download JPG Maria Elena Lagomasino DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 Maria Elena Lagomasino, 66, is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office serving high net worth families, and has held these positions since March 2013. Ms. Lagomasino served as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, an affiliate of SunTrust Banks, Inc., from November 2005 through October 2012. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Lagomasino was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank, a division of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a global financial services firm. Prior to assuming this position, she was Managing Director of The Chase Manhattan Bank in charge of its Global Private Banking Group. Ms. Lagomasino had been with Chase Manhattan since 1983 in various positions in private banking. Ms. Lagomasino is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and is a founder of the Institute for the Fiduciary Standard. She is a director of the Americas Society and served as a Trustee of the National Geographic Society from 2007 to 2015. She served as a director of the Coca Cola Company from 2003 to 2006 and from 2008 to the present, and she has served as a director of Avon Products, Inc. since 2001. Ms. Lagomasino has been a Director of the Company since 2015. Download JPG Fred H. Langhammer Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer Director since 2005 Fred H. Langhammer, 71, is Chairman, Global Affairs, of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cosmetics products. Prior to being named Chairman, Global Affairs, Mr. Langhammer was Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2004, President from 1995 to 2004 and Chief Operating Officer from 1985 through 1999. Mr. Langhammer joined The Estée Lauder Companies in 1975 as President of its operations in Japan. In 1982, he was appointed Managing Director of its operations in Germany. He was a director of Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., from 2009 to March 2014 and was a director of The Shinsei Bank Limited from 2005 to 2009 and a director of AIG from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Langhammer has been a Director of the Company since 2005. Download JPG Aylwin B. Lewis Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis Director since 2004 Aylwin B. Lewis, 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the Board of Directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis has been a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide since January 1, 2013. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004. Download JPG Robert W. Matschullat Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat Director since 2002 Robert W. Matschullat, 67, is retired and served from 1995 until 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd., a global company with entertainment and beverage operations. Prior to joining Seagram, Mr. Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors. He is Lead Director of The Clorox Company, where he was Interim Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from March to October 2006. Mr. Matschullat is a director and Chairman of the Board of Visa Inc. Mr. Matschullat has been a Director of the Company since 2002. Download JPG Mark G. Parker DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker DIRECTOR SINCE 2016 Mark G. Parker, 60, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2006. He has been employed by NIKE since 1979 in a variety of positions with primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing and brand management. Mr. Parker has been a member of the Board of Directors of NIKE since 2006, and has been a Director of the Company since January 2016. Download JPG Sheryl Sandberg Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg Director since 2010 Sheryl Sandberg, 45, has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, Inc., an online social networking company, since 2008. From 2001 to 2008, Ms. Sandberg was the Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations for Google Inc., an Internet search engine company. Ms. Sandberg also is a former Chief of Staff of the United States Treasury Department and previously served as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and as an economist with The World Bank. Ms. Sandberg served as a director of Starbucks Corp. from 2009 to 2012. She also serves on a number of nonprofit boards including Women for Women International, and V-Day. She served as a director of eHealth, Inc. from 2006 to 2008 and as a director of Facebook since June 2012. She has been a Director of the Company since 2010. Download JPG Orin C. Smith Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith Director since 2006 Orin C. Smith, 72, is retired and was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005. He joined Starbucks as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1990, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1994, and became a director of Starbucks in 1996. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Smith spent a total of 14 years with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Smith has been a director of Nike, Inc. since 2004 and served on the Board of Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to March 2012. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Conservation International and the University of Washington Board of Regents. Mr. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 2006 and has served as independent Lead Director since 2012. *Elected Independent Lead Director as of March 13, 2012 Download JPG View More, 
Steamboat Willie—, the first animated film to star Mickey Mouse and to feature synchronized sound—debuts at the Colony Theatre in New York.
Mary Poppins, , Walt Disney’s most successful live-action feature film, opens in theaters.
History of Disney From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. 1923 Walt Disney signs a contract with M. J. Winkler to produce a series of Alice Comedies. The year marks the start of The Walt Disney Company, first known as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio. 1928 Steamboat Willie—the first animated film to star Mickey Mouse and to feature synchronized sound—debuts at the Colony Theatre in New York. 1929 The Disney brothers’ partnership is replaced by four companies: Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.; Walt Disney Enterprises; Liled Realty and Investment Company; and the Disney Film Recording Company. 1932 Flowers and Trees, Disney’s first full-color cartoon and first Academy Award® winner for Cartoon Short Subject, debuts. 1937 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Disney’s first feature-length animated film, premieres at the Carthay Circle Theatre in Los Angeles, California. 1940 Walt Disney Productions issues its first stock. 1940 The Disney Studio moves to Burbank, California. 1950 Treasure Island, Disney’s first completely live-action feature, opens in theaters. 1950 One Hour in Wonderland, Disney’s first television show, airs. 1952 Walt Disney establishes WED Enterprises. 1955 Disneyland opens. 1964 Mary Poppins, Walt Disney’s most successful live-action feature film, opens in theaters. 1971 Walt Disney World opens. 1982 EPCOT Center (now Epcot) opens. 1983 Tokyo Disneyland, Disney’s first international park, opens. 1983 The Disney Channel begins broadcasting. 1984 Michael Eisner (right) and Frank Wells (left) are named chairman and president of Walt Disney Productions, respectively. 1984 Splash, the first Touchstone film, opens in theaters. 1986 Walt Disney Productions name changes to The Walt Disney Company. 1987 The first Disney Store opens at the Glendale Galleria in Glendale, California. 1996 Stockholders approve Disney merger with Capital Cities/ABC. 2005 Robert A. Iger becomes Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company. 2006 Disney purchases Pixar Animation Studios. 2009 Disney completes its acquisition of Marvel Entertainment. 2012 Disney completes its acquisition of Lucasfilm. Learn More About Disney History at D23, 
FY 2013 Citizenship Report,  FY 2012 Citizenship Report,  FY10 Disney Corporate Citizenship Report,  FY09 Disney Corporate Responsibility Interim Update,  FY08 Disney Corporate Responsibility Report,  FY08 Walt Disney Parks and Resort Report on Safety,  Disney Conservation Report,  Updated Disney Citizenship Environmental Goals and Targets, 
http://thewaltdisneycompany.com/about-disney/leadership/management