
Personal Banking, Bank Home Money Market Account Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Accounts Online and Mobile Banking Tools
Richard D. Fairbank, Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, 
Richard D. Fairbank is founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Capital One Financial Corporation, a broadly diversified financial services company ranked 130th on the Fortune 500, .  Mr. Fairbank founded Capital One in 1988 based on his belief that the power of information, technology and testing could be harnessed to bring highly customized financial products directly to consumers. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, Capital One is a top 10 US bank, offering a broad spectrum of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients.  Capital One has approximately 1000 branch locations in New York, New Jersey, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Additionally, Capital One has international businesses in the United Kingdom and Canada.
Under Mr. Fairbank's leadership, Capital One has demonstrated a strong commitment to philanthropy and volunteerism, supporting a number of area programs focused on community redevelopment and youth education, including DC Cares, the DC College Access Program and Junior Achievement. Mr. Fairbank has often been recognized for his community and industry leadership, including being named by Bank Technology and Systems, as one of the 10 Top Innovators of the Decade. Mr. Fairbank was honored as a 2008 Washington Business Hall of Fame Laureate, and also appointed to the President’s Council on Service and Civic Participation.  He was named “2006 Banker of the Year” by the American Banker., Mr. Fairbank served on MasterCard International’s Global Board of Directors and, prior to that, as Chairman of MasterCard’s U.S. Region Board.  Mr. Fairbank holds an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Stanford University.
www.capitalone.com/about/corporate-information/leadership/