
Our Voice – Blog Resources Newsroom About Us Strategy Global Presence Management Governance and Ethics Code of Conduct Policies and Standards Board of Directors Board and Committee Governance Political Contributions History Operations and Projects Africa Ahafo - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Akyem - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Asia Batu Hijau - Indonesia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers News Contact Australia Boddington - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Kalgoorlie - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Tanami - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact North America Nevada - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Reports News Contact Rangeland and Ranches - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Contact Cripple Creek & Victor - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Amendment 11 News Contact Tours Long Canyon - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Reports Contact South America Yanacocha - Peru Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Merian - Suriname Overview Operation Facts Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Reserves and Resources Mining Education The Mining Process Gold, Copper and Silver Nevada Mining Association Education Resources Glossary Investor Relations Financial Reports Investor Briefcase Annual Reports Quarterly Reports SEC Filings Financial Statements Investor Events Reserves and Resources Shareholder Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Sustainability Approach Health and Safety Social Responsibility Environment Reports Awards Accountability Sustainability and the Mine Lifecycle Careers Working at Newmont Opportunities Students and New Graduates Local and Indigenous U.S. Veterans and Reservists Apply Now About Us Strategy Global Presence Management Governance and Ethics Code of Conduct Policies and Standards Board of Directors Board and Committee Governance Political Contributions History Operations and Projects Africa Ahafo - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Akyem - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Asia Batu Hijau - Indonesia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers News Contact Australia Boddington - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Kalgoorlie - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Tanami - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact North America Nevada - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Reports News Contact Rangeland and Ranches - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Contact Cripple Creek & Victor - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Amendment 11 News Contact Tours Long Canyon - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Reports Contact South America Yanacocha - Peru Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Merian - Suriname Overview Operation Facts Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Reserves and Resources Mining Education The Mining Process Gold, Copper and Silver Nevada Mining Association Education Resources Glossary Investor Relations Financial Reports Investor Briefcase Annual Reports Quarterly Reports SEC Filings Financial Statements Investor Events Reserves and Resources Shareholder Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Sustainability Approach Health and Safety Social Responsibility Environment Reports Awards Accountability Sustainability and the Mine Lifecycle Careers Working at Newmont Opportunities Students and New Graduates Local and Indigenous U.S. Veterans and Reservists Apply Now Gold Price: $ 1,359.59 +6.89 +0.51% Volume: August 2, 2016 NYSE: NEM Stock Price: $ 44.16 +0.00 +0% Volume: 5,853,600 August 1, 2016 Home   >   About Us   >  Management,  Home   /   About Us   /  Management,  About Us Strategy Global Presence Management Governance and Ethics Code of Conduct Policies and Standards Board of Directors Board and Committee Governance Political Contributions History Operations and Projects Africa Ahafo - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Akyem - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Asia Batu Hijau - Indonesia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers News Contact Australia Boddington - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Kalgoorlie - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Tanami - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact North America Nevada - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Reports News Contact Rangeland and Ranches - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Contact Cripple Creek & Victor - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Amendment 11 News Contact Tours Long Canyon - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Reports Contact South America Yanacocha - Peru Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Merian - Suriname Overview Operation Facts Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Reserves and Resources Mining Education The Mining Process Gold, Copper and Silver Nevada Mining Association Education Resources Glossary Investor Relations Financial Reports Investor Briefcase Annual Reports Quarterly Reports SEC Filings Financial Statements Investor Events Reserves and Resources Shareholder Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Sustainability Approach Health and Safety Social Responsibility Environment Reports Awards Accountability Sustainability and the Mine Lifecycle Careers Working at Newmont Opportunities Students and New Graduates Local and Indigenous U.S. Veterans and Reservists Apply Now At the heart of Newmont’s business is the talented team of employees and contractors around the globe who represent diverse cultures and religious backgrounds. In addition to embracing this diversity, we aim to create a workplace culture that fosters leaders and enables all to succeed in their positions and grow in their careers. Our people create the value in the metals we mine, so we invest in ensuring a safe and respectful work environment, while providing the training and tools needed to achieve our goal of eliminating all workplace accidents, injuries and illnesses. Our people are our ambassadors in the communities where they live and work. We expect everyone, at every level, to act with integrity, trust and respect, be responsible stewards of the environment, and serve as role models in safety in the workplace and in their communities. Officers The officers of our management team have broad experience in both mining and many other industries. They bring unique qualifications, interests and viewpoints to Newmont and operate under the direction of the Board of Directors. Executive Leadership Team Gary J. Goldberg , , , President and Chief Executive Officer Gary J. Goldberg was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and joined the Board of Directors of Newmont Mining Corporation on March 1, 2013. He had served as President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2012, and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Goldberg was President and Chief Executive Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals, and served in leadership roles in Rio Tinto’s coal, gold, copper and industrial minerals businesses. Mr. Goldberg has over 35 years of experience in the mining industry and served as Chairman of the National Mining Association in the United States from 2008 to 2010. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of Wisconsin–Platteville and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Utah. Laurie Brlas , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Laurie Brlas was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2013. Prior to joining Newmont, Ms. Brlas was Executive Vice President and President, Global Operations at Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. and previously served as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from March 2008 until September 2012, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2007 to March 2008 and Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from December 2006 to November 2007. In her leadership roles with Cliffs, Ms. Brlas oversaw all of global finance, and at various times oversaw human resources, information technology, business development and corporate strategy. From 2000 to 2006, Ms. Brlas was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at STERIS Corporation, a publicly traded manufacturer of sterilization and procedural products and services. Ms. Brlas has an extensive accounting and financial background spanning over 20 years in various management positions. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Youngstown State University and is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Management Accountant. Elaine Dorward-King , , , Executive Vice President, Sustainability and External Relations Dr. Elaine Dorward-King was elected Executive Vice President, Sustainability and External Relations in March 2013. Prior to joining Newmont, Dr. Dorward-King served as Managing Director of Richards Bay Minerals in South Africa from December 2010 through February 2013. Dr. Dorward-King previously served as the Global Head of Health, Safety and Environment at Rio Tinto from 2002 through 2010 and also held leadership positions with Rio Tinto’s copper and borates businesses. Prior to that, she worked for Ebasco Environmental and for Monsanto Company as a chemist, research specialist and product manager. Dr. Dorward-King brings 25 years of leadership experience in creating and implementing sustainable development, safety, health and environmental strategy and programs in the mining, chemical and engineering consulting sectors. She holds a Bachelor of Science magna cum laude from Maryville College and a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry from Colorado State University. Randy Engel , , , Executive Vice President, Strategic Development Randy Engel was elected Executive Vice President, Strategic Development in September 2008, after having served as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development since 2007. Mr. Engel has been with the Company since 1994, and has served in various capacities in the areas of business planning, corporate treasury and human resources. Mr. Engel holds a Master of Science degree in Finance from the University of Denver, and a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from the University of Colorado. Stephen P. Gottesfeld , , , Executive Vice President and General Counsel Stephen P. Gottesfeld serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel after having been elected Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in February 2013. He previously served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since February 2012 and Vice President and General Counsel since 2010. Mr. Gottesfeld was the Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs from 2006 to 2010. He served as Newmont’s Associate General Counsel from 2004 to 2006, responsible for Newmont’s Latin American, African and Central Asian legal offices. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Gottesfeld was Newmont’s Associate General Counsel and General Manager of Newmont Peru S.R.L., spending three years of his career with Newmont working in Lima, Peru. Prior to joining Newmont in 1997 as Senior Counsel, Mr. Gottesfeld was an Associate at Holland & Hart LLP. He earned a law degree and a Master’s degree in International Affairs from the University of Denver in 1993 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from The Colorado College in 1989. Susan Keefe , , , Vice President, Strategic Relations Susan Keefe was elected Vice President, Strategic Relations in March 2013. Prior to joining Newmont in October 2012, Ms. Keefe served with Rio Tinto for 19 years, most recently as General Manager, Communications and External Relations for Rio Tinto’s Diamonds and Minerals product group, and prior to that as Vice President, Communications at Rio Tinto Minerals. Before joining Rio Tinto, Ms. Keefe was Managing Director of a leading international communications agency. Ms. Keefe has more than 25 years of experience creating and executing communications, stakeholder engagement and brand and reputation management strategies. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Human Biology from Stanford University. Scott P. Lawson , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Scott P. Lawson was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for Newmont in May 2016. He was elected Executive Vice President, Technical Services in March 2015 having previously served as Senior Vice President, Technical Services since December 2012. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Lawson served as Senior Vice President, Engineering Services at Peabody Energy, responsible for global engineering and technical services support. Mr. Lawson spent 22 years with international miner Rio Tinto in several executive roles, including Vice President, Engineering and Technical Services for Kennecott Utah Copper. Mr. Lawson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Utah and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Phoenix in Salt Lake City. He is a member of several University Industrial Advisory Boards and is co-chair of the SME Foundation Corporate Giving Committee. Bill MacGowan , , , Executive Vice President, Human Resources Bill MacGowan serves as Executive Vice President, Human Resources after having been elected Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Communications in 2010. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. MacGowan served as Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice President, People and Places, for Sun Microsystems, where he oversaw a staff of 750 and an annual operating budget of $600 million. In addition, Mr. MacGowan was responsible for Sun’s $1.2 billion real estate portfolio, encompassing five campuses and 12.5 million square feet. With more than 30 years of human resources experience, Mr. MacGowan has a history of aligning people strategies with business results and creating a diverse, engaging and collaborative culture. In 2007, he received the Diversity Best Practices Legacy Award for lifetime achievements on behalf of women, minorities and people of color in the workplace. Mr. MacGowan earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Claremont McKenna College. Tom Palmer , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Tom Palmer became the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Newmont on May 1, 2016. Previously, Mr. Palmer was elected Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific in February 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President, Indonesia since March 2014. Prior to joining Newmont, he was the Chief Operating Officer, Pilbara Mines at Rio Tinto Iron Ore. Over a 20-year career with Rio Tinto, Mr. Palmer worked in a variety of roles across a number of commodities, including General Manager, Technology for the Bauxite and Alumina business; General Manager, Operations at Hail Creek coal mine; and General Manager, Asset Management at Palabora Mining Company in South Africa. Mr. Palmer brings extensive experience leading teams and delivering production while implementing safety culture programs and improving diversity. He earned a Master of Engineering Science degree and a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. Senior Officers Stephen Dumble , , , Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific Stephen Dumble joined Newmont in April of 2016 as Senior Vice President for the Asia Pacific region, brining 34 years of mining experience to his role. His background includes leadership roles in aluminium, metallurgical coal, energy, iron ore and industrial minerals businesses for global miners including BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Alcoa. Stephen has a track record of delivering successful business outcomes and projects – including new mines, refineries and underground expansions – as well as transformative change in the areas of safety, productivity, social and environmental performance, diversity and leadership development. He earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Chemical Engineering from Curtin University in Western Australia, and is past President of the Queensland Resources Council. Ramzi Fawaz , , , Senior Vice President, Projects Ramzi Fawaz was elected Senior Vice President, Projects in February 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Fawaz served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Atomic Energy Canada Ltd., where he was responsible for all project development, refurbishment and building of CANDU reactor projects, and before that as Vice President of Royal Dutch Shell, where he worked for 30 years in various roles. Among those, he was responsible for leading the Athabasca Oil Sands Expansion Project in Canada and the Nigeria LNG Train 3 and LPG expansion project in Nigeria. Mr. Fawaz has extensive experience in international project development and has engaged extensively with various stakeholders related to major development projects, including executive management, boards of directors, shareholders, contractors, utilities and various government agencies. Mr. Fawaz earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering at the American University of Beirut in Lebanon and a Master’s degree in Power Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. Patrick Keenan , , , Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Patrick Keenan was elected Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer in September 2015 when he joined Newmont. Mr. Keenan served as CFO for Rio Tinto Energy, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto plc. from 2013 to September 2015. Prior to that he served other global Rio Tinto subsidiaries including as CFO for Kennecott Utah Copper from 2009 to 2013, and as CFO of Rio Tinto Diamonds from 2007 to 2008. He worked in various other finance, accounting and planning roles with Rio Tinto subsidiaries from 1994 to 2007. Prior to Rio Tinto, he was employed by Phelps Dodge Corporation as a Financial Analyst and Teledyne as an Internal Auditor. Mr. Keenan earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Utah and holds a Certified Public Accountant designation in the state of Arizona. Thomas R. Kerr , , , Senior Vice President, North America Thomas R. Kerr was elected Senior Vice President, North America in January 2010, after having served as Vice President, Newmont USA Limited, North American Operations since December 2008. Mr. Kerr had served as Phoenix Project Manager, Senior Manager – Surface Operations and General Manager – Twin Creeks Operation from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Kerr joined Newmont in 1980 and has served in various high-level engineering and mine management capacities. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from Montana College of Mineral Science and Technology and a diploma in Mining Engineering Technology from British Columbia Institute of Technology. Alwyn Pretorius , , , Senior Vice President, Africa In March of 2016, Alwyn Pretorius joined Newmont as Senior Vice President for the Africa region, bringing 20 years of gold sector experience to his role. Alwyn has served in leadership roles at Harmony and ARMgold, managing portfolios of up to 10 mines with annual production of 1.3 million ounces of gold. He has also led targeted programs that delivered substantial safety, sustainability and productivity improvements, and brings special expertise in government and labor relations to his new role. He earned Bachelor of Science degrees in Industrial Engineering and Mining Engineering from the University of Pretoria, and was Chairman of the South African Mines Rescue Services Board. Grigore Simon , , , Senior Vice President, Exploration Grigore Simon was elected Senior Vice President, Exploration in February 2012, after having served as Vice President, Exploration since April 2009. Previously, he served as General Manager, Generative Exploration from 2007 to 2009, and as Chief Geoscientist of the Global Exploration Solutions group from 2004 to 2007. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Simon had exploration management positions with Shell International in Angola and Saudi Arabia since 1998. He also worked as an exploration geologist for several mining firms and as Assistant Professor of Economic Geology at the University of Bucharest. He holds an Engineering degree in Geology and Geophysics from the University of Bucharest, Romania; a Master’s degree and Ph.D. in Geology from the University of Michigan; and Master of Business Administration degrees from the University of Rochester and the University of Nyenrode, Netherlands. Trent Tempel , , , Senior Vice President, South America Trent Tempel was elected Senior Vice President, South America in June 2014, having previously served as General Manager, Operations in Indonesia since January 2013. Prior to that he was Group Executive, Operations in Peru from August 2008 to January 2013 and Group Executive, Operations in Africa from March 2007 to August 2008. Mr. Tempel joined Newmont in 1984 bringing 30 years of experience in both operations and projects. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in metallurgical engineering from Michigan Technological University. Meredith Bandy , , , Vice President, Investor Relations Meredith Bandy joined Newmont as Vice President, Investor Relations in June 2014. In 2016, Ms. Bandy was a named to Institutional Investor magazine’s All-America Executive Team for Metals and Mining IR Professionals. Prior to joining Newmont, she served as Vice President of Metals and Mining Equity Research with BMO Capital Markets. In this role she served as lead analyst for 16 mining companies and coordinated non-deal road shows and investor tours. Prior to BMO, Ms. Bandy worked with Lehman Brothers Equity Research in New York where she covered primarily gold before expanding coverage to aluminum and steel. Ms. Bandy also brings experience in investment banking and investment management. She earned her Masters of Business Administration degree from the University of North Carolina, where she was the recipient of the Julian Robertson Tiger Fellowship, and a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration from Georgetown University in Washington, DC. Nick Cotts , , , Vice President, External Relations and Social Responsibility Nick Cotts was elected Vice President, External Relations and Social Responsibility in February 2016, after having served as Group Executive – External Relations since 2013 and Group Executive – Environment and Social Responsibility from 2011 to 2013. Mr. Cotts began his career at Newmont as Manager of Environmental Affairs in Newmont’s South America region in 1994. Throughout his over twenty year career with Newmont, he has served in various roles in the areas of environmental affairs, communications, external affairs, social responsibility, stakeholder engagement and sustainability. Mr. Cotts has worked at numerous Newmont operations across the globe, with over 17 years of experience working at our Peru and Ghana operations. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agronomy – Soil Conservation and a Master of Science degree in Range Science – Restoration Ecology, both from Colorado State University. Mary Beth Donnelly , , , Vice President, North American Government Relations Mary Beth Donnelly was elected Vice President, North American Government Relations in April 2010, after having served as Group Executive, U.S. Government Relations since 2004. Ms. Donnelly has been with the Company since 1981, and has served in various capacities in the area of government relations. She graduated from Trinity University in Washington, D.C. with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science. Logan Hennessey , , , Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Logan Hennessey was elected Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in March 2015. Ms. Hennessey previously served as Assistant Corporate Secretary to the Board since 2010 and as Associate General Counsel from 2011 to 2015 and Senior Counsel, Corporate Securities from 2010 to 2011, working in the substantive areas of federal securities law, financing, M&A and transactions, on-going corporate reporting, corporate governance, general corporate matters and support of the Board of Directors and its Committees. Logan also currently serves the Chair of Newmont’s Disclosure Committee. Prior to joining Newmont, Logan worked in private practice in the New York office of White & Case LLP. She holds a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and an undergraduate degree from Wellesley College. Rich Herold , , , Vice President, Global Government Relations Rich Herold was appointed Vice President, Global Government Relations in February 2014. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Herold was Executive Counsel, Global Affairs and Policy for GE Transportation, and held several positions for BP and Amoco Corporation leading international affairs, corporate responsibility, political risk and business development functions in the U.S., Russia, China and Brazil. Prior to his tenure at BP, Mr. Herold served in the U.S. Foreign Service. His diplomatic assignments included Brazil; Africa Assistance Coordinator with the State Department in Washington, D.C.; and Deputy Chief of Political Affairs at the American Institute in Taipei, Taiwan. He holds a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Andy Holleman , , , Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Andy Holleman serves as Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer after having joined Newmont in May 2013 as Assistant General Counsel, Ethics and Compliance. Prior to joining Newmont, he served as Associate General Counsel for Century Link from September 2012 to May 2013 and as Chief Privacy Officer for Optum from September 2011 to September 2012. Prior to 2011, Mr. Holleman spent ten years with Qwest / CenturyLink in various roles including Chief Privacy Officer, Corporate and Associate General Counsel, and Vice President Consumer Operations. Immediately out of law school, Mr. Holleman served as a law clerk to the Honorable Richard P. Matsch, then Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. Mr. Holleman holds a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College and a Juris Doctor from the University of Colorado School of Law. John W. Kitlen , , , Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John W. Kitlen assumed the role of Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2016. He was elected Vice President, Internal Audit in October 2012, having previously served as Director, Internal Audit since joining Newmont in February 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Kitlen served as Director, Internal Audit at Sun Microsystems for four years. Previously, he served as the Internal Audit Director for StorageTek and spent more than seven years with Level 3 Communications in various roles including Vice President of Internal Audit, Assistant Corporate Controller and Director of Finance. Mr. Kitlen began his career in public accounting with Deloitte and Touche. He holds Bachelor of Science and Master’s degrees in Accounting from the University of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant. David Kristoff , , , Vice President, Total Rewards and Human Resources Systems David Kristoff was elected Vice President, Total Rewards and Human Resources Systems in November 2012. In this role, he has responsibility for compensation, benefits, HR systems and company support of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Newmont in February 2010, Mr. Kristoff served as the Senior Director of Compensation at Sun Microsystems where he led the global and executive compensation practices, as well as held responsibility for managing the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. He holds a Bachelor’s degree from St. Bonaventure University and a Master’s degree from Cornell University. Mr. Kristoff is a member of the Conference Board’s Council on Executive Compensation and is a regular speaker at executive compensation conferences. Nancy Lipson , , , Vice President and Deputy General Counsel Nancy Lipson was elected Vice President and Deputy General Counsel in February 2013, after having served as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since January 2010 in the substantive areas of commercial litigation, employment advice/litigation and executive compensation legal advice. Ms. Lipson’s role expanded to also include responsibility for global ethics and compliance. From July 2005 to January 2010, Ms. Lipson was Assistant General Counsel. Prior to joining Newmont in July 2005, she was Senior Counsel for Sports Authority and for Qwest Communications, and an Associate with the law firm of Otten, Johnson, Robinson, Neff & Ragonetti, P.C. She earned a law degree from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law in 1995 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Colorado College in 1991. Ramsey Musa , , , Vice President, Supply Chain Ramsey Musa serves as Vice President, Supply Chain after having been elected Vice President, Global Supply Management in November 2014 and serving as interim head of Global Supply Chain Management since July 2014. He previously served as Group Executive, Supply Chain Operations and Capital Projects since 2012 and Senior Director, Global Supply Chain Operations since 2009 when he joined Newmont. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Musa was a Strategic Category Team Manager at Freeport McMoran and Senior Manager, Supply Chain Materials Commodity Management at Intel Corporation. Mr. Musa received his Bachelor of Science degree in Supply Chain Management from Arizona State University. Suresh Rajapakse , , , Vice President, Health, Safety and Security Suresh Rajapakse was elected Vice President, Health, Safety and Security in May 2014. Mr. Rajapakse previously served as Vice President for ArcelorMittal Mining’s global health, safety, environment, sustainability and government affairs functions. From 2009 to 2011, he led Rio Tinto’s global safety program. Mr. Rajapakse earned his Bachelor of Engineering degree in Minerals Engineering, with honors, from the Camborne School of Mines in the U.K. and has completed several advanced leadership programs. Blake Rhodes , , , Vice President, Corporate Development Blake Rhodes was appointed Vice President, Corporate Development in January 2015 after having been appointed Vice President, International Strategic Development in February 2014. Mr. Rhodes previously served as Senior Vice President, Indonesia since October 2013 and as Vice President, Indonesia Country Manager and Corporate Development since February 2012. Mr. Rhodes previously held the positions of Vice President/Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Development in 2010, Group Executive, Corporate Development in 2009 and Vice President and General Counsel in 2008. He served as Vice President and Chief Counsel from 2006 to 2007 and Associate General Counsel from 2004 to 2006. Prior to joining Newmont in 1996 as Assistant General Counsel, Mr. Rhodes was an Associate at the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis. He graduated from Iowa State University with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. He also holds a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Jim Sorensen , , , Vice President, Investment and Value Management Jim Sorensen was elected Vice President, Investment and Value Management in January 2015, having previously served as Group Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning and Analysis since 2013 and as Group Executive, Corporate Project Planning and Business Analysis from January 2011 to January 2013. Prior to that he held a number of senior roles in M&A assessment and analysis, metallurgy and project engineering since joining Newmont in 2006. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Sorensen worked for AMEC and Fluor on large scale EPCM projects and studies in North and South America. Mr. Sorensen started his career with Newmont at Magma Copper Company in operations management and technical roles. He earned his Bachelors of Science degree in Metallurgical Engineering from the University of Arizona. Javier Velarde , , , Vice President, General Manager (Peru) and Corporate Affairs Javier Velarde was elected Vice President, General Manager (Peru) and Corporate Affairs in May 2013, having previously served as Associate General Counsel, International Legal based in Denver since 2012. Before that, Mr. Velarde served as Regional Vice President, Legal and Corporate Affairs for Yanacocha from 2007 to 2012 and Deputy Director of External Affairs and Communications, Yanacocha from 2004 to 2006. Prior to joining Newmont in 2001 as Legal and External Affairs Director, Yanacocha, Mr. Velarde was an Associate at the law firm of Estudio Rubio, Leguía, Normand y Asociados, Lima. He graduated from the University of Utah with a Master’s degree in Environmental and Resources Law. He also holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the University of Lima, Peru. Jim Zetwick , , , Vice President and Chief Information Officer Jim Zetwick was elected Vice President and Chief Information Officer in February 2014 after having served as Group Executive, Global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Program Management since 2010 and as Director of Global ERP Program Management since 2008 when he joined Newmont. He previously worked as Chief Information Officer at Kool Smiles, and has held senior IT leadership positions at Columbian Chemicals Company, Phelps Dodge Corporation and Borden Foods Corporation. He brings over 20 years of progressive IT experience specializing in delivering large-scale global ERP programs to enable business transformation. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Ohio State University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Information Systems from Bowling Green State University. Quick Links Board of Directors Governance and Ethics Sustainability
About Us Strategy Global Presence Management Governance and Ethics Code of Conduct Policies and Standards Board of Directors Board and Committee Governance Political Contributions History Operations and Projects Africa Ahafo - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Akyem - Ghana Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Asia Batu Hijau - Indonesia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers News Contact Australia Boddington - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Kalgoorlie - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Tanami - Australia Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports Contact North America Nevada - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Reports News Contact Rangeland and Ranches - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Contact Cripple Creek & Victor - U.S. Overview Operation Facts History Health and Safety Environment Community Amendment 11 News Contact Tours Long Canyon - U.S. Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Reports Contact South America Yanacocha - Peru Overview Operation Facts Health and Safety Environment Community Careers Reports News Contact Merian - Suriname Overview Operation Facts Environment Community Careers Reports Contact Reserves and Resources Mining Education The Mining Process Gold, Copper and Silver Nevada Mining Association Education Resources Glossary Investor Relations Financial Reports Investor Briefcase Annual Reports Quarterly Reports SEC Filings Financial Statements Investor Events Reserves and Resources Shareholder Information Stock Information Analyst Coverage Sustainability Approach Health and Safety Social Responsibility Environment Reports Awards Accountability Sustainability and the Mine Lifecycle Careers Working at Newmont Opportunities Students and New Graduates Local and Indigenous U.S. Veterans and Reservists Apply Now,  At the heart of Newmont’s business is the talented team of employees and contractors around the globe who represent diverse cultures and religious backgrounds. In addition to embracing this diversity, we aim to create a workplace culture that fosters leaders and enables all to succeed in their positions and grow in their careers. Our people create the value in the metals we mine, so we invest in ensuring a safe and respectful work environment, while providing the training and tools needed to achieve our goal of eliminating all workplace accidents, injuries and illnesses. Our people are our ambassadors in the communities where they live and work. We expect everyone, at every level, to act with integrity, trust and respect, be responsible stewards of the environment, and serve as role models in safety in the workplace and in their communities. Officers The officers of our management team have broad experience in both mining and many other industries. They bring unique qualifications, interests and viewpoints to Newmont and operate under the direction of the Board of Directors. Executive Leadership Team Gary J. Goldberg , , , President and Chief Executive Officer Gary J. Goldberg was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and joined the Board of Directors of Newmont Mining Corporation on March 1, 2013. He had served as President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2012, and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Goldberg was President and Chief Executive Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals, and served in leadership roles in Rio Tinto’s coal, gold, copper and industrial minerals businesses. Mr. Goldberg has over 35 years of experience in the mining industry and served as Chairman of the National Mining Association in the United States from 2008 to 2010. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of Wisconsin–Platteville and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Utah. Laurie Brlas , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Laurie Brlas was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2013. Prior to joining Newmont, Ms. Brlas was Executive Vice President and President, Global Operations at Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. and previously served as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from March 2008 until September 2012, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2007 to March 2008 and Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from December 2006 to November 2007. In her leadership roles with Cliffs, Ms. Brlas oversaw all of global finance, and at various times oversaw human resources, information technology, business development and corporate strategy. From 2000 to 2006, Ms. Brlas was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at STERIS Corporation, a publicly traded manufacturer of sterilization and procedural products and services. Ms. Brlas has an extensive accounting and financial background spanning over 20 years in various management positions. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Youngstown State University and is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Management Accountant. Elaine Dorward-King , , , Executive Vice President, Sustainability and External Relations Dr. Elaine Dorward-King was elected Executive Vice President, Sustainability and External Relations in March 2013. Prior to joining Newmont, Dr. Dorward-King served as Managing Director of Richards Bay Minerals in South Africa from December 2010 through February 2013. Dr. Dorward-King previously served as the Global Head of Health, Safety and Environment at Rio Tinto from 2002 through 2010 and also held leadership positions with Rio Tinto’s copper and borates businesses. Prior to that, she worked for Ebasco Environmental and for Monsanto Company as a chemist, research specialist and product manager. Dr. Dorward-King brings 25 years of leadership experience in creating and implementing sustainable development, safety, health and environmental strategy and programs in the mining, chemical and engineering consulting sectors. She holds a Bachelor of Science magna cum laude from Maryville College and a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry from Colorado State University. Randy Engel , , , Executive Vice President, Strategic Development Randy Engel was elected Executive Vice President, Strategic Development in September 2008, after having served as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development since 2007. Mr. Engel has been with the Company since 1994, and has served in various capacities in the areas of business planning, corporate treasury and human resources. Mr. Engel holds a Master of Science degree in Finance from the University of Denver, and a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from the University of Colorado. Stephen P. Gottesfeld , , , Executive Vice President and General Counsel Stephen P. Gottesfeld serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel after having been elected Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in February 2013. He previously served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since February 2012 and Vice President and General Counsel since 2010. Mr. Gottesfeld was the Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs from 2006 to 2010. He served as Newmont’s Associate General Counsel from 2004 to 2006, responsible for Newmont’s Latin American, African and Central Asian legal offices. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Gottesfeld was Newmont’s Associate General Counsel and General Manager of Newmont Peru S.R.L., spending three years of his career with Newmont working in Lima, Peru. Prior to joining Newmont in 1997 as Senior Counsel, Mr. Gottesfeld was an Associate at Holland & Hart LLP. He earned a law degree and a Master’s degree in International Affairs from the University of Denver in 1993 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from The Colorado College in 1989. Susan Keefe , , , Vice President, Strategic Relations Susan Keefe was elected Vice President, Strategic Relations in March 2013. Prior to joining Newmont in October 2012, Ms. Keefe served with Rio Tinto for 19 years, most recently as General Manager, Communications and External Relations for Rio Tinto’s Diamonds and Minerals product group, and prior to that as Vice President, Communications at Rio Tinto Minerals. Before joining Rio Tinto, Ms. Keefe was Managing Director of a leading international communications agency. Ms. Keefe has more than 25 years of experience creating and executing communications, stakeholder engagement and brand and reputation management strategies. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Human Biology from Stanford University. Scott P. Lawson , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Scott P. Lawson was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for Newmont in May 2016. He was elected Executive Vice President, Technical Services in March 2015 having previously served as Senior Vice President, Technical Services since December 2012. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Lawson served as Senior Vice President, Engineering Services at Peabody Energy, responsible for global engineering and technical services support. Mr. Lawson spent 22 years with international miner Rio Tinto in several executive roles, including Vice President, Engineering and Technical Services for Kennecott Utah Copper. Mr. Lawson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Utah and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Phoenix in Salt Lake City. He is a member of several University Industrial Advisory Boards and is co-chair of the SME Foundation Corporate Giving Committee. Bill MacGowan , , , Executive Vice President, Human Resources Bill MacGowan serves as Executive Vice President, Human Resources after having been elected Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Communications in 2010. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. MacGowan served as Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice President, People and Places, for Sun Microsystems, where he oversaw a staff of 750 and an annual operating budget of $600 million. In addition, Mr. MacGowan was responsible for Sun’s $1.2 billion real estate portfolio, encompassing five campuses and 12.5 million square feet. With more than 30 years of human resources experience, Mr. MacGowan has a history of aligning people strategies with business results and creating a diverse, engaging and collaborative culture. In 2007, he received the Diversity Best Practices Legacy Award for lifetime achievements on behalf of women, minorities and people of color in the workplace. Mr. MacGowan earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Claremont McKenna College. Tom Palmer , , , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Tom Palmer became the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Newmont on May 1, 2016. Previously, Mr. Palmer was elected Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific in February 2015 after serving as Senior Vice President, Indonesia since March 2014. Prior to joining Newmont, he was the Chief Operating Officer, Pilbara Mines at Rio Tinto Iron Ore. Over a 20-year career with Rio Tinto, Mr. Palmer worked in a variety of roles across a number of commodities, including General Manager, Technology for the Bauxite and Alumina business; General Manager, Operations at Hail Creek coal mine; and General Manager, Asset Management at Palabora Mining Company in South Africa. Mr. Palmer brings extensive experience leading teams and delivering production while implementing safety culture programs and improving diversity. He earned a Master of Engineering Science degree and a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. Senior Officers Stephen Dumble , , , Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific Stephen Dumble joined Newmont in April of 2016 as Senior Vice President for the Asia Pacific region, brining 34 years of mining experience to his role. His background includes leadership roles in aluminium, metallurgical coal, energy, iron ore and industrial minerals businesses for global miners including BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Alcoa. Stephen has a track record of delivering successful business outcomes and projects – including new mines, refineries and underground expansions – as well as transformative change in the areas of safety, productivity, social and environmental performance, diversity and leadership development. He earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Chemical Engineering from Curtin University in Western Australia, and is past President of the Queensland Resources Council. Ramzi Fawaz , , , Senior Vice President, Projects Ramzi Fawaz was elected Senior Vice President, Projects in February 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Fawaz served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Atomic Energy Canada Ltd., where he was responsible for all project development, refurbishment and building of CANDU reactor projects, and before that as Vice President of Royal Dutch Shell, where he worked for 30 years in various roles. Among those, he was responsible for leading the Athabasca Oil Sands Expansion Project in Canada and the Nigeria LNG Train 3 and LPG expansion project in Nigeria. Mr. Fawaz has extensive experience in international project development and has engaged extensively with various stakeholders related to major development projects, including executive management, boards of directors, shareholders, contractors, utilities and various government agencies. Mr. Fawaz earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering at the American University of Beirut in Lebanon and a Master’s degree in Power Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. Patrick Keenan , , , Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Patrick Keenan was elected Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer in September 2015 when he joined Newmont. Mr. Keenan served as CFO for Rio Tinto Energy, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto plc. from 2013 to September 2015. Prior to that he served other global Rio Tinto subsidiaries including as CFO for Kennecott Utah Copper from 2009 to 2013, and as CFO of Rio Tinto Diamonds from 2007 to 2008. He worked in various other finance, accounting and planning roles with Rio Tinto subsidiaries from 1994 to 2007. Prior to Rio Tinto, he was employed by Phelps Dodge Corporation as a Financial Analyst and Teledyne as an Internal Auditor. Mr. Keenan earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Utah and holds a Certified Public Accountant designation in the state of Arizona. Thomas R. Kerr , , , Senior Vice President, North America Thomas R. Kerr was elected Senior Vice President, North America in January 2010, after having served as Vice President, Newmont USA Limited, North American Operations since December 2008. Mr. Kerr had served as Phoenix Project Manager, Senior Manager – Surface Operations and General Manager – Twin Creeks Operation from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Kerr joined Newmont in 1980 and has served in various high-level engineering and mine management capacities. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from Montana College of Mineral Science and Technology and a diploma in Mining Engineering Technology from British Columbia Institute of Technology. Alwyn Pretorius , , , Senior Vice President, Africa In March of 2016, Alwyn Pretorius joined Newmont as Senior Vice President for the Africa region, bringing 20 years of gold sector experience to his role. Alwyn has served in leadership roles at Harmony and ARMgold, managing portfolios of up to 10 mines with annual production of 1.3 million ounces of gold. He has also led targeted programs that delivered substantial safety, sustainability and productivity improvements, and brings special expertise in government and labor relations to his new role. He earned Bachelor of Science degrees in Industrial Engineering and Mining Engineering from the University of Pretoria, and was Chairman of the South African Mines Rescue Services Board. Grigore Simon , , , Senior Vice President, Exploration Grigore Simon was elected Senior Vice President, Exploration in February 2012, after having served as Vice President, Exploration since April 2009. Previously, he served as General Manager, Generative Exploration from 2007 to 2009, and as Chief Geoscientist of the Global Exploration Solutions group from 2004 to 2007. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Simon had exploration management positions with Shell International in Angola and Saudi Arabia since 1998. He also worked as an exploration geologist for several mining firms and as Assistant Professor of Economic Geology at the University of Bucharest. He holds an Engineering degree in Geology and Geophysics from the University of Bucharest, Romania; a Master’s degree and Ph.D. in Geology from the University of Michigan; and Master of Business Administration degrees from the University of Rochester and the University of Nyenrode, Netherlands. Trent Tempel , , , Senior Vice President, South America Trent Tempel was elected Senior Vice President, South America in June 2014, having previously served as General Manager, Operations in Indonesia since January 2013. Prior to that he was Group Executive, Operations in Peru from August 2008 to January 2013 and Group Executive, Operations in Africa from March 2007 to August 2008. Mr. Tempel joined Newmont in 1984 bringing 30 years of experience in both operations and projects. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in metallurgical engineering from Michigan Technological University. Meredith Bandy , , , Vice President, Investor Relations Meredith Bandy joined Newmont as Vice President, Investor Relations in June 2014. In 2016, Ms. Bandy was a named to Institutional Investor magazine’s All-America Executive Team for Metals and Mining IR Professionals. Prior to joining Newmont, she served as Vice President of Metals and Mining Equity Research with BMO Capital Markets. In this role she served as lead analyst for 16 mining companies and coordinated non-deal road shows and investor tours. Prior to BMO, Ms. Bandy worked with Lehman Brothers Equity Research in New York where she covered primarily gold before expanding coverage to aluminum and steel. Ms. Bandy also brings experience in investment banking and investment management. She earned her Masters of Business Administration degree from the University of North Carolina, where she was the recipient of the Julian Robertson Tiger Fellowship, and a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration from Georgetown University in Washington, DC. Nick Cotts , , , Vice President, External Relations and Social Responsibility Nick Cotts was elected Vice President, External Relations and Social Responsibility in February 2016, after having served as Group Executive – External Relations since 2013 and Group Executive – Environment and Social Responsibility from 2011 to 2013. Mr. Cotts began his career at Newmont as Manager of Environmental Affairs in Newmont’s South America region in 1994. Throughout his over twenty year career with Newmont, he has served in various roles in the areas of environmental affairs, communications, external affairs, social responsibility, stakeholder engagement and sustainability. Mr. Cotts has worked at numerous Newmont operations across the globe, with over 17 years of experience working at our Peru and Ghana operations. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agronomy – Soil Conservation and a Master of Science degree in Range Science – Restoration Ecology, both from Colorado State University. Mary Beth Donnelly , , , Vice President, North American Government Relations Mary Beth Donnelly was elected Vice President, North American Government Relations in April 2010, after having served as Group Executive, U.S. Government Relations since 2004. Ms. Donnelly has been with the Company since 1981, and has served in various capacities in the area of government relations. She graduated from Trinity University in Washington, D.C. with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science. Logan Hennessey , , , Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Logan Hennessey was elected Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in March 2015. Ms. Hennessey previously served as Assistant Corporate Secretary to the Board since 2010 and as Associate General Counsel from 2011 to 2015 and Senior Counsel, Corporate Securities from 2010 to 2011, working in the substantive areas of federal securities law, financing, M&A and transactions, on-going corporate reporting, corporate governance, general corporate matters and support of the Board of Directors and its Committees. Logan also currently serves the Chair of Newmont’s Disclosure Committee. Prior to joining Newmont, Logan worked in private practice in the New York office of White & Case LLP. She holds a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and an undergraduate degree from Wellesley College. Rich Herold , , , Vice President, Global Government Relations Rich Herold was appointed Vice President, Global Government Relations in February 2014. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Herold was Executive Counsel, Global Affairs and Policy for GE Transportation, and held several positions for BP and Amoco Corporation leading international affairs, corporate responsibility, political risk and business development functions in the U.S., Russia, China and Brazil. Prior to his tenure at BP, Mr. Herold served in the U.S. Foreign Service. His diplomatic assignments included Brazil; Africa Assistance Coordinator with the State Department in Washington, D.C.; and Deputy Chief of Political Affairs at the American Institute in Taipei, Taiwan. He holds a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Andy Holleman , , , Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Andy Holleman serves as Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer after having joined Newmont in May 2013 as Assistant General Counsel, Ethics and Compliance. Prior to joining Newmont, he served as Associate General Counsel for Century Link from September 2012 to May 2013 and as Chief Privacy Officer for Optum from September 2011 to September 2012. Prior to 2011, Mr. Holleman spent ten years with Qwest / CenturyLink in various roles including Chief Privacy Officer, Corporate and Associate General Counsel, and Vice President Consumer Operations. Immediately out of law school, Mr. Holleman served as a law clerk to the Honorable Richard P. Matsch, then Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. Mr. Holleman holds a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College and a Juris Doctor from the University of Colorado School of Law. John W. Kitlen , , , Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John W. Kitlen assumed the role of Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2016. He was elected Vice President, Internal Audit in October 2012, having previously served as Director, Internal Audit since joining Newmont in February 2011. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Kitlen served as Director, Internal Audit at Sun Microsystems for four years. Previously, he served as the Internal Audit Director for StorageTek and spent more than seven years with Level 3 Communications in various roles including Vice President of Internal Audit, Assistant Corporate Controller and Director of Finance. Mr. Kitlen began his career in public accounting with Deloitte and Touche. He holds Bachelor of Science and Master’s degrees in Accounting from the University of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant. David Kristoff , , , Vice President, Total Rewards and Human Resources Systems David Kristoff was elected Vice President, Total Rewards and Human Resources Systems in November 2012. In this role, he has responsibility for compensation, benefits, HR systems and company support of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Newmont in February 2010, Mr. Kristoff served as the Senior Director of Compensation at Sun Microsystems where he led the global and executive compensation practices, as well as held responsibility for managing the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. He holds a Bachelor’s degree from St. Bonaventure University and a Master’s degree from Cornell University. Mr. Kristoff is a member of the Conference Board’s Council on Executive Compensation and is a regular speaker at executive compensation conferences. Nancy Lipson , , , Vice President and Deputy General Counsel Nancy Lipson was elected Vice President and Deputy General Counsel in February 2013, after having served as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since January 2010 in the substantive areas of commercial litigation, employment advice/litigation and executive compensation legal advice. Ms. Lipson’s role expanded to also include responsibility for global ethics and compliance. From July 2005 to January 2010, Ms. Lipson was Assistant General Counsel. Prior to joining Newmont in July 2005, she was Senior Counsel for Sports Authority and for Qwest Communications, and an Associate with the law firm of Otten, Johnson, Robinson, Neff & Ragonetti, P.C. She earned a law degree from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law in 1995 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Colorado College in 1991. Ramsey Musa , , , Vice President, Supply Chain Ramsey Musa serves as Vice President, Supply Chain after having been elected Vice President, Global Supply Management in November 2014 and serving as interim head of Global Supply Chain Management since July 2014. He previously served as Group Executive, Supply Chain Operations and Capital Projects since 2012 and Senior Director, Global Supply Chain Operations since 2009 when he joined Newmont. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Musa was a Strategic Category Team Manager at Freeport McMoran and Senior Manager, Supply Chain Materials Commodity Management at Intel Corporation. Mr. Musa received his Bachelor of Science degree in Supply Chain Management from Arizona State University. Suresh Rajapakse , , , Vice President, Health, Safety and Security Suresh Rajapakse was elected Vice President, Health, Safety and Security in May 2014. Mr. Rajapakse previously served as Vice President for ArcelorMittal Mining’s global health, safety, environment, sustainability and government affairs functions. From 2009 to 2011, he led Rio Tinto’s global safety program. Mr. Rajapakse earned his Bachelor of Engineering degree in Minerals Engineering, with honors, from the Camborne School of Mines in the U.K. and has completed several advanced leadership programs. Blake Rhodes , , , Vice President, Corporate Development Blake Rhodes was appointed Vice President, Corporate Development in January 2015 after having been appointed Vice President, International Strategic Development in February 2014. Mr. Rhodes previously served as Senior Vice President, Indonesia since October 2013 and as Vice President, Indonesia Country Manager and Corporate Development since February 2012. Mr. Rhodes previously held the positions of Vice President/Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Development in 2010, Group Executive, Corporate Development in 2009 and Vice President and General Counsel in 2008. He served as Vice President and Chief Counsel from 2006 to 2007 and Associate General Counsel from 2004 to 2006. Prior to joining Newmont in 1996 as Assistant General Counsel, Mr. Rhodes was an Associate at the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis. He graduated from Iowa State University with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. He also holds a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Jim Sorensen , , , Vice President, Investment and Value Management Jim Sorensen was elected Vice President, Investment and Value Management in January 2015, having previously served as Group Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning and Analysis since 2013 and as Group Executive, Corporate Project Planning and Business Analysis from January 2011 to January 2013. Prior to that he held a number of senior roles in M&A assessment and analysis, metallurgy and project engineering since joining Newmont in 2006. Prior to joining Newmont, Mr. Sorensen worked for AMEC and Fluor on large scale EPCM projects and studies in North and South America. Mr. Sorensen started his career with Newmont at Magma Copper Company in operations management and technical roles. He earned his Bachelors of Science degree in Metallurgical Engineering from the University of Arizona. Javier Velarde , , , Vice President, General Manager (Peru) and Corporate Affairs Javier Velarde was elected Vice President, General Manager (Peru) and Corporate Affairs in May 2013, having previously served as Associate General Counsel, International Legal based in Denver since 2012. Before that, Mr. Velarde served as Regional Vice President, Legal and Corporate Affairs for Yanacocha from 2007 to 2012 and Deputy Director of External Affairs and Communications, Yanacocha from 2004 to 2006. Prior to joining Newmont in 2001 as Legal and External Affairs Director, Yanacocha, Mr. Velarde was an Associate at the law firm of Estudio Rubio, Leguía, Normand y Asociados, Lima. He graduated from the University of Utah with a Master’s degree in Environmental and Resources Law. He also holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the University of Lima, Peru. Jim Zetwick , , , Vice President and Chief Information Officer Jim Zetwick was elected Vice President and Chief Information Officer in February 2014 after having served as Group Executive, Global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Program Management since 2010 and as Director of Global ERP Program Management since 2008 when he joined Newmont. He previously worked as Chief Information Officer at Kool Smiles, and has held senior IT leadership positions at Columbian Chemicals Company, Phelps Dodge Corporation and Borden Foods Corporation. He brings over 20 years of progressive IT experience specializing in delivering large-scale global ERP programs to enable business transformation. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Ohio State University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Information Systems from Bowling Green State University.,  Quick Links Board of Directors Governance and Ethics Sustainability, 
http://www.newmont.com/about-us/management/default.aspx