Muhtar Kent	title	Chairman	Since our first soda fountain sales in 1886, we have been a driver of marketplace innovation and an investor in local economies. Today we lead the beverage industry with more than 500 beverage brands -- including four of the world's top-five sparkling brands. But while our business opportunities are enormous, our commitment to our consumers and the communities in which we operate is even greater., Muhtar Kent, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, leads us into the new century with a firm commitment to the values and spirit of the world's greatest brand. In our journey to become a sustainable, profitable growth company, our management structure has evolved to sharpen external focus on the marketplace with greater speed, productivity and effectiveness., 
Muhtar Kent	title	Chief Executive Officer	Since our first soda fountain sales in 1886, we have been a driver of marketplace innovation and an investor in local economies. Today we lead the beverage industry with more than 500 beverage brands -- including four of the world's top-five sparkling brands. But while our business opportunities are enormous, our commitment to our consumers and the communities in which we operate is even greater., Muhtar Kent, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, leads us into the new century with a firm commitment to the values and spirit of the world's greatest brand. In our journey to become a sustainable, profitable growth company, our management structure has evolved to sharpen external focus on the marketplace with greater speed, productivity and effectiveness., 
James Quincey	title	President	James Quincey,  1, President and Chief Operating Officer, 
James Quincey	title	Chief Operating Officer	James Quincey,  1, President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Harry L. Anderson	title	Senior Vice President	Harry L. Anderson, Senior Vice President, Global Business Services, Rudy M. Beserra, Latin Affairs, Robert J. Jordan, Jr., General Tax Counsel, Timothy K. Leveridge, Investor Relations Officer, Larry M. Mark, 1, Controller, Robin Moore, Chief of Internal Audit, Christopher P. Nolan, Corporate Treasurer, Beatriz Perez, Chief Sustainability Officer
Nancy Quan	title	Global Research and Development (R&D) Officer	Nancy Quan, Global Research and Development (R&D) Officer
Marie D. Quintero-Johnson	title	Director	Marie D. Quintero-Johnson, Director, Mergers and Acquisitions, Mark Randazza, Assistant Controller, Ann T. Taylor, Global Business Services, Wamwari Waichungo, Scientific and Regulatory Affairs, Jos Wellekens, Chief Quality, Safety and Sustainable Operations Officer , Gloria K. Bowden, Corporate Secretary and Associate General Counsel, Fiona K. Lynch, Assistant Corporate Secretary, 1 Person subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 2 Association of Southeast Asian Nations, 
