
Industries,  Buildings & Facilities Markets Commercial Buildings Get the results you need – and the confidence that your facility is protected and sustainable – by partnering with Ecolab. Keep your facility clean and... Data Centers We understand the need for reliability in your system operations. Our expertise and cutting edge technologies, supported by comprehensive products and... District Energy We can help you increase operational efficiency by maintaining clean heat transfer surfaces and reducing water and energy consumption in chillers, boilers ... Education We can help you keep your students comfortable and safe while maximizing efficiency, minimizing cost and conserving resources – with solutions for... Government We can help you protect the health and comfort of your building occupants while operating sustainably. Our solutions for cleaning and sanitizing, indoor... Get the results you need – and the confidence that your facility is protected and sustainable – by partnering with Ecolab. Keep your facility clean and... Chemical Processing Markets Air Separation Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and... Ammonia & Fertilizer We understand that boiler feedwater, steam, process condensate and cooling water have significant impact on reliability, operational efficiency and... Specialty Chemicals We develop specialized, innovative and long-term solutions to help you achieve operational efficiency and HSE compliance. Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and... Commercial Laundries Markets Food & Beverage Laundry As a trusted provider of total cleaning solutions for diverse food customers, only Ecolab supports commercial linen laundries with superior solutions,... Healthcare Laundry Your customers want to do everything they can to protect their patients. You can help. Preventing healthcare-associated infections is essential to the... Hospitality Laundry As a trusted provider of total cleaning solutions for diverse hospitality customers, only Ecolab supports commercial linen laundries with superior... Industrial Laundry Industrial strength, then—clean by any means. Industrial strength, now—a patented chemistry formulated to provide excellent cleaning performance on all... As a trusted provider of total cleaning solutions for diverse food customers, only Ecolab supports commercial linen laundries with superior solutions,... Energy Exploration & Production Markets Arctic Improve performance in extreme arctic conditions with winterized chemistries backed by cold climate RD&E. Conventional Production Nalco Champion is a global leader in field-proven asset integrity and production enhancement solutions for conventional oil and gas operations. Deepwater / Ultra-Deepwater Reduce CAPEX spend and OPEX cost with services, and chemistries aligned to enhance production recovery rates across the lifecycle of your projects. Heavy Oil Manage viscosity and improve the flow characteristics of heavy oil to increase production and decrease costs. Oil Sands We provide advanced froth treatment and demulsifiers for mining extraction, and world-class water technologies and emulsion breakers for SAGD production. Shale We have the proven experience and technology to provide effective treatments that facilitate shale exploration and significantly increase production. Improve performance in extreme arctic conditions with winterized chemistries backed by cold climate RD&E. Food & Beverage Processing Markets Beverage Processing With Ecolab as your partner, every part of your beverage processing operation is protected. Brewery & Winery Explore specialized, innovative solutions for breweries and wineries. Cheese Manufacturing Discover tailored solutions for cheese plants that boost operational efficiency and reduce processing downtime for improved productivity. Dairy Farms Ecolab can help optimize your dairy operation with measurable improvements in operational efficiency, overall farm sustainability and milk safety and... Dairy Processing Only Ecolab can help optimize every aspect of your dairy processing plant from process water to sanitation, wastewater treatment to pest elimination. Food Processing Protect your brands and enhance food safety and food product quality with Ecolab Total Plant Assurance for food manufacturers. Fresh Produce Find all the advantages of specialized produce industry solutions for protecting brands and enhancing food safety and product quality. Meat, Poultry & Seafood Safeguard the integrity of protein products and meet demanding regulatory standards with comprehensive programs that protect brands and food safety. With Ecolab as your partner, every part of your beverage processing operation is protected. Foodservice Markets Contract Foodservice We give you the confidence to focus on preparing the nutritious, high-quality food your diners expect. And we can help you ensure customer satisfaction by ... Restaurants Our team will partner with you to ensure you deliver a great guest experience, from the dining room to the restroom to the kitchen. Our solutions ensure... Quick Service Restaurants In a fast-paced industry with high employee turnover, heavy foot traffic and multiple language requirements, it can be difficult to maintain high cleaning ... We give you the confidence to focus on preparing the nutritious, high-quality food your diners expect. And we can help you ensure customer satisfaction by ... Healthcare Markets Hospitals & Surgery Centers Innovative, enterprise-wide health, quality and safety protection solutions to optimize efficiency and lower total costs. Long Term Care Our comprehensive cleaning, compliance, safety and operational solutions can help you attend to the comfort and safety of your residents while maximizing... OEM Healthcare Manufacturing From device design to regulatory compliance/tech support, we offer complete custom solutions that help provide clean and protected healthcare environments. Veterinary Care, EMS & Dental (Alternate Care) For the world of EMS, Dental and Veterinary Care, Ecolab offers a variety of innovative products and services designed for these specialty markets. Innovative, enterprise-wide health, quality and safety protection solutions to optimize efficiency and lower total costs. Hospitality Markets Casinos Protect your reputation by keeping your facility clean and running smoothly and sustainably. Partner with Ecolab for solutions for cleaning and... Cruise Ships From stateroom to spa, top deck to back of house, we can help you keep your entire operation clean and safe, promote guest satisfaction and optimize... Hotels Promote guest satisfaction and achieve your sustainability goals with our programs that keep your property clean and sanitized and ensure fresh indoor air ... Protect your reputation by keeping your facility clean and running smoothly and sustainably. Partner with Ecolab for solutions for cleaning and... Manufacturing Markets Aerospace & Defense Whether you are producing commercial or military aircraft, jet engines or specialized parts, we are here to help you address the most important issues... Agricultural & Construction Equipment We understand the challenges facing today’s equipment manufacturers – and we are committed to helping you optimize site water usage, reduce energy... Automotive We understand the production and economic challenges facing today’s automotive manufacturers. Our commitment to optimize site water usage, reduce energy... Building Materials Our solutions address industrial processing challenges across all areas of the building materials sector. We can help you manage your use of water, reduce ... Glass Solutions for producing automotive glass, flat glass, container glass, continuous filament glass and more. Household & Personal Care Discover leading CIP and engineering solutions that utilize cGMP validated products to enhance personal care product quality, protect brands, comply with... Microelectronics Your business is made up of processes with critical cooling and high purity water and air requirements. We can help you ensure reliability while... Pharmaceutical Enhance pharmaceutical product quality, sustainability and operational efficiency by working with the leader in clean-in-place solutions. Plastics Our innovative solutions can help you achieve your goals by addressing the issues you face on a daily basis. We can help you extend asset life, reduce... Textiles We are committed to forming a close business partnership with our customers who produce woven and nonwoven textiles – and this partnership approach allows ... Tire & Rubber Products Tire and rubber production processes have critical heating and cooling needs, and we know that managing your water use is essential to controlling... Whether you are producing commercial or military aircraft, jet engines or specialized parts, we are here to help you address the most important issues... Mining & Mineral Processing Markets Alumina & Bauxite We apply our knowledge about how chemical problems work under unique refinery conditions to help you prevent and solve operating problems, improve... Coal Mining Our programs impact productivity, safety and profitability and help prolong the usefulness of a mine by stretching impoundment life. As your partner, we... Copper, Nickel & Molybdenum Providing solutions to help maximize productivity and profitability. Gold, Silver & Platinum Process design for recovery of gold and silver varies substantially today depending upon the combination of metals present in the ore... Iron Ore Helping customers to achieve their operating and sustainable goals. Phosphate & Potash We can help you define and implement programs that maximize production rates and minimize total cost. With broad expertise in your industry, we can help... Sand, Gravel & Industrial Minerals We’ll partner with you to help you meet or exceed environmental and safety regulations, while minimizing operating costs and maximizing production. We apply our knowledge about how chemical problems work under unique refinery conditions to help you prevent and solve operating problems, improve... Oil & Gas Midstream Markets Gas Processing We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers. Transportation & Distribution We offer a suite of effective solutions, chemistries and services to our midstream customers. We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers. Power Generation Markets Coal, Oil & Gas We have partnered with power plants globally to develop safe, reliable, cost-effective solutions. Our goal is to deliver a measurable return on your... Combined Cycle Gas Turbine Today’s business environment is challenging, and we can help you meet your goals. Our proven, innovative solutions in process and water treatment can help ... Geothermal We can help you enhance reliability, profitability and efficiency – while improving your overall environmental performance and compliance – with our... Nuclear We've partnered with power plants globally to develop safe, reliable, cost-effective solutions. Our ultimate goal is to deliver a measurable return on... We have partnered with power plants globally to develop safe, reliable, cost-effective solutions. Our goal is to deliver a measurable return on your... Primary Metals Markets Aluminum Smelting & Casting We have developed, implemented and sustained significant technology in your industry for more than 40 years. We can help you prevent and solve operating... Investment Casting Our combination of dedicated industry experts and high-quality products provide the product and process optimization necessary to keep your shell room... Iron & Steel Making Our innovative solutions are environmentally and economically sustainable – and engineered to deliver results under the stressful and demanding conditions ... We have developed, implemented and sustained significant technology in your industry for more than 40 years. We can help you prevent and solve operating... Pulp & Paper Markets Board & Packaging Producing an optimal sheet, at minimal cost and based on finished product performance requirements, is a complex challenge for board and packaging... Corrugated Box Your boiler is at the heart of your manufacturing process, and any interruption or variation in steam quality can quickly lead to poor bonding and... Graphic Papers Graphic Papers represent close to fifty percent of overall Paper and Paperboard production in the world. We offer a comprehensive set of solutions that... Pulp Our innovative, integrated solutions help improve your products and positively impact your operations through greater asset reliability, decreased total... Tissue & Towel Tissue makers face the challenge of meeting many consumer demands on end-product performance. Our approach takes this into account, and impacts all... Producing an optimal sheet, at minimal cost and based on finished product performance requirements, is a complex challenge for board and packaging... Refining, Additives & Petrochemical Markets Additives We offer a comprehensive range of fuel additives and services for the oil and gas industry. Petrochemical As a leading partner of the petrochemical industry, Nalco Champion is uniquely qualified to identify, diagnose and treat process-related problems. Refining Process Treatment We apply our understanding of refinery systems to develop chemical solutions that help protect assets, mitigate risk and maximize profits. We offer a comprehensive range of fuel additives and services for the oil and gas industry. Retail Markets Big Box Stores We can help you ensure a pleasant guest experience with comprehensive solutions across your operation. Trust Ecolab for comprehensive solutions that help... Convenience Stores Convenience stores are a quick and accessible food solution for our time-starved, highly mobile society. Yet if you want to compete and grow in the... Grocery Stores Create a positive experience in your stores by partnering with Ecolab. We offer personal onsite service and a variety of customized cleaning and... Shopping Malls When you choose Ecolab, you get assurance that your mall is protected from the front door to the back dock. Keep your facility clean and operating... Warehouse Clubs Our comprehensive approach helps you keep your facility clean and operating efficiently with solutions for cleaning and sanitizing, food safety, indoor... We can help you ensure a pleasant guest experience with comprehensive solutions across your operation. Trust Ecolab for comprehensive solutions that help...
Chemical Processing,  Markets Air Separation Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and... Ammonia & Fertilizer We understand that boiler feedwater, steam, process condensate and cooling water have significant impact on reliability, operational efficiency and... Specialty Chemicals We develop specialized, innovative and long-term solutions to help you achieve operational efficiency and HSE compliance. Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and...
Air Separation Efficiency, reliability and productivity are vitally important to your bottom line. With our focus on resource management, emissions reduction and...,  Ammonia & Fertilizer We understand that boiler feedwater, steam, process condensate and cooling water have significant impact on reliability, operational efficiency and...,  Specialty Chemicals We develop specialized, innovative and long-term solutions to help you achieve operational efficiency and HSE compliance., 
Energy Exploration & Production,  Markets Arctic Improve performance in extreme arctic conditions with winterized chemistries backed by cold climate RD&E. Conventional Production Nalco Champion is a global leader in field-proven asset integrity and production enhancement solutions for conventional oil and gas operations. Deepwater / Ultra-Deepwater Reduce CAPEX spend and OPEX cost with services, and chemistries aligned to enhance production recovery rates across the lifecycle of your projects. Heavy Oil Manage viscosity and improve the flow characteristics of heavy oil to increase production and decrease costs. Oil Sands We provide advanced froth treatment and demulsifiers for mining extraction, and world-class water technologies and emulsion breakers for SAGD production. Shale We have the proven experience and technology to provide effective treatments that facilitate shale exploration and significantly increase production. Improve performance in extreme arctic conditions with winterized chemistries backed by cold climate RD&E.
Arctic Improve performance in extreme arctic conditions with winterized chemistries backed by cold climate RD&E.,  Conventional Production Nalco Champion is a global leader in field-proven asset integrity and production enhancement solutions for conventional oil and gas operations.,  Deepwater / Ultra-Deepwater Reduce CAPEX spend and OPEX cost with services, and chemistries aligned to enhance production recovery rates across the lifecycle of your projects.,  Heavy Oil Manage viscosity and improve the flow characteristics of heavy oil to increase production and decrease costs.,  Oil Sands We provide advanced froth treatment and demulsifiers for mining extraction, and world-class water technologies and emulsion breakers for SAGD production.,  Shale We have the proven experience and technology to provide effective treatments that facilitate shale exploration and significantly increase production., 
Manufacturing,  Markets Aerospace & Defense Whether you are producing commercial or military aircraft, jet engines or specialized parts, we are here to help you address the most important issues... Agricultural & Construction Equipment We understand the challenges facing today’s equipment manufacturers – and we are committed to helping you optimize site water usage, reduce energy... Automotive We understand the production and economic challenges facing today’s automotive manufacturers. Our commitment to optimize site water usage, reduce energy... Building Materials Our solutions address industrial processing challenges across all areas of the building materials sector. We can help you manage your use of water, reduce ... Glass Solutions for producing automotive glass, flat glass, container glass, continuous filament glass and more. Household & Personal Care Discover leading CIP and engineering solutions that utilize cGMP validated products to enhance personal care product quality, protect brands, comply with... Microelectronics Your business is made up of processes with critical cooling and high purity water and air requirements. We can help you ensure reliability while... Pharmaceutical Enhance pharmaceutical product quality, sustainability and operational efficiency by working with the leader in clean-in-place solutions. Plastics Our innovative solutions can help you achieve your goals by addressing the issues you face on a daily basis. We can help you extend asset life, reduce... Textiles We are committed to forming a close business partnership with our customers who produce woven and nonwoven textiles – and this partnership approach allows ... Tire & Rubber Products Tire and rubber production processes have critical heating and cooling needs, and we know that managing your water use is essential to controlling... Whether you are producing commercial or military aircraft, jet engines or specialized parts, we are here to help you address the most important issues...
Aerospace & Defense Whether you are producing commercial or military aircraft, jet engines or specialized parts, we are here to help you address the most important issues...,  Agricultural & Construction Equipment We understand the challenges facing today’s equipment manufacturers – and we are committed to helping you optimize site water usage, reduce energy...,  Automotive We understand the production and economic challenges facing today’s automotive manufacturers. Our commitment to optimize site water usage, reduce energy...,  Building Materials Our solutions address industrial processing challenges across all areas of the building materials sector. We can help you manage your use of water, reduce ...,  Glass Solutions for producing automotive glass, flat glass, container glass, continuous filament glass and more.,  Household & Personal Care Discover leading CIP and engineering solutions that utilize cGMP validated products to enhance personal care product quality, protect brands, comply with...,  Microelectronics Your business is made up of processes with critical cooling and high purity water and air requirements. We can help you ensure reliability while...,  Pharmaceutical Enhance pharmaceutical product quality, sustainability and operational efficiency by working with the leader in clean-in-place solutions.,  Plastics Our innovative solutions can help you achieve your goals by addressing the issues you face on a daily basis. We can help you extend asset life, reduce...,  Textiles We are committed to forming a close business partnership with our customers who produce woven and nonwoven textiles – and this partnership approach allows ...,  Tire & Rubber Products Tire and rubber production processes have critical heating and cooling needs, and we know that managing your water use is essential to controlling..., 
Oil & Gas Midstream,  Markets Gas Processing We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers. Transportation & Distribution We offer a suite of effective solutions, chemistries and services to our midstream customers. We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers.
Gas Processing We are the leader in providing water treatment and process chemicals to natural gas processers.,  Transportation & Distribution We offer a suite of effective solutions, chemistries and services to our midstream customers., 
Pulp & Paper,  Markets Board & Packaging Producing an optimal sheet, at minimal cost and based on finished product performance requirements, is a complex challenge for board and packaging... Corrugated Box Your boiler is at the heart of your manufacturing process, and any interruption or variation in steam quality can quickly lead to poor bonding and... Graphic Papers Graphic Papers represent close to fifty percent of overall Paper and Paperboard production in the world. We offer a comprehensive set of solutions that... Pulp Our innovative, integrated solutions help improve your products and positively impact your operations through greater asset reliability, decreased total... Tissue & Towel Tissue makers face the challenge of meeting many consumer demands on end-product performance. Our approach takes this into account, and impacts all... Producing an optimal sheet, at minimal cost and based on finished product performance requirements, is a complex challenge for board and packaging...
Board & Packaging Producing an optimal sheet, at minimal cost and based on finished product performance requirements, is a complex challenge for board and packaging...,  Corrugated Box Your boiler is at the heart of your manufacturing process, and any interruption or variation in steam quality can quickly lead to poor bonding and...,  Graphic Papers Graphic Papers represent close to fifty percent of overall Paper and Paperboard production in the world. We offer a comprehensive set of solutions that...,  Pulp Our innovative, integrated solutions help improve your products and positively impact your operations through greater asset reliability, decreased total...,  Tissue & Towel Tissue makers face the challenge of meeting many consumer demands on end-product performance. Our approach takes this into account, and impacts all..., 
Retail,  Markets Big Box Stores We can help you ensure a pleasant guest experience with comprehensive solutions across your operation. Trust Ecolab for comprehensive solutions that help... Convenience Stores Convenience stores are a quick and accessible food solution for our time-starved, highly mobile society. Yet if you want to compete and grow in the... Grocery Stores Create a positive experience in your stores by partnering with Ecolab. We offer personal onsite service and a variety of customized cleaning and... Shopping Malls When you choose Ecolab, you get assurance that your mall is protected from the front door to the back dock. Keep your facility clean and operating... Warehouse Clubs Our comprehensive approach helps you keep your facility clean and operating efficiently with solutions for cleaning and sanitizing, food safety, indoor... We can help you ensure a pleasant guest experience with comprehensive solutions across your operation. Trust Ecolab for comprehensive solutions that help...
Big Box Stores We can help you ensure a pleasant guest experience with comprehensive solutions across your operation. Trust Ecolab for comprehensive solutions that help...,  Convenience Stores Convenience stores are a quick and accessible food solution for our time-starved, highly mobile society. Yet if you want to compete and grow in the...,  Grocery Stores Create a positive experience in your stores by partnering with Ecolab. We offer personal onsite service and a variety of customized cleaning and...,  Shopping Malls When you choose Ecolab, you get assurance that your mall is protected from the front door to the back dock. Keep your facility clean and operating...,  Warehouse Clubs Our comprehensive approach helps you keep your facility clean and operating efficiently with solutions for cleaning and sanitizing, food safety, indoor..., 
Sustainability,  Chairman's Message Commitment to Sustainability,  Customer Impact Water Risk Monetizer Water Stewardship Global Engagements Committed to Safety and Health Sustainability,  Reports
Chairman's Message,  Commitment to Sustainability,  Customer Impact,  Water Risk Monetizer,  Water Stewardship,  Global Engagements,  Committed to Safety and Health,  Sustainability Reports, 
Awards & Recognition,  Our Businesses,  Our Vision,  Our Purpose & Values,  Leadership Nicholas Alfano Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Christophe Beck Dr. Larry Berger Alex Blanco Darrell Brown Angela Busch Paul Chaffin John Guttery Thomas W. Handley Michael A. Hickey Bryan Hughes Laurie Marsh Stewart McCutcheon Roberto D. Mendez Timothy P. Mulhere Daniel J. Schmechel James J. Seifert Vishal Sharma Beth Simermeyer Steve Taylor Sean Toohey Andreas Weilinghoff Jill Wyant Corporate Responsibility Suppliers Locations
Leadership,  Nicholas Alfano Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Christophe Beck Dr. Larry Berger Alex Blanco Darrell Brown Angela Busch Paul Chaffin John Guttery Thomas W. Handley Michael A. Hickey Bryan Hughes Laurie Marsh Stewart McCutcheon Roberto D. Mendez Timothy P. Mulhere Daniel J. Schmechel James J. Seifert Vishal Sharma Beth Simermeyer Steve Taylor Sean Toohey Andreas Weilinghoff Jill Wyant
Nicholas Alfano,  Douglas M. Baker, Jr.,  Christophe Beck,  Dr. Larry Berger,  Alex Blanco,  Darrell Brown,  Angela Busch,  Paul Chaffin,  John Guttery,  Thomas W. Handley,  Michael A. Hickey,  Bryan Hughes,  Laurie Marsh,  Stewart McCutcheon,  Roberto D. Mendez,  Timothy P. Mulhere,  Daniel J. Schmechel,  James J. Seifert,  Vishal Sharma,  Beth Simermeyer,  Steve Taylor,  Sean Toohey,  Andreas Weilinghoff,  Jill Wyant, 
Awards & Recognition Our Businesses Our Vision Our Purpose & Values Leadership Nicholas Alfano Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Christophe Beck Dr. Larry Berger Alex Blanco Darrell Brown Angela Busch Paul Chaffin John Guttery Thomas W. Handley Michael A. Hickey Bryan Hughes Laurie Marsh Stewart McCutcheon Roberto D. Mendez Timothy P. Mulhere Daniel J. Schmechel James J. Seifert Vishal Sharma Beth Simermeyer Steve Taylor Sean Toohey Andreas Weilinghoff Jill Wyant Corporate Responsibility,  Suppliers,  Locations, 
	1Douglas M. Baker, Jr.	 	2Chairman	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  More, 
	1Thomas W. Handley	 	2President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	,  More, 
	1Nicholas Alfano	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2General Manager	, 	3Global Food & Beverage	,  More, 
	1Christophe Beck	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Nalco Water	,  More, 
	1Darrell Brown	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, Europe,  More, 
	1Paul Chaffin	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2General Manager	, 	3Global Healthcare	,  More, 
	1John Guttery	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, Latin America,  More, 
	1Michael A. Hickey	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Global Institutional	,  More, 
	1Roberto D. Mendez	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Global Services and Specialty	,  More, 
	1Timothy P. Mulhere	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3International Regions	,  More, 
	1Vishal Sharma	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2President	, Middle East and Africa,  More, 
	1Steve Taylor	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Nalco Champion	,  More, 
	1Sean Toohey	 	2Executive Vice President	, Asia Pacific,  More, 
	1Andreas Weilinghoff	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Global Textile Care	,  More, 
	1Jill Wyant Executive	 	2Vice President	 and 	2President	, 	3Global Food & Beverage	 and 	3Global Healthcare	,  More, 
	1Dr. Larry Berger	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Technology Officer	,  More, 
	1Alex Blanco	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Supply Chain Officer	,  More, 
	1Angela Busch	 	2Senior Vice President	 of 	3Corporate Development	,  More, 
	1Bryan Hughes	 	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Corporate Controller	,  More, 
	1Laurie Marsh	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,  More, 
	1Stewart McCutcheon	 	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	,  More, 
	1Daniel J. Schmechel	 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  More, 
	1James J. Seifert	 	2Executive Vice President	, 	3General Counsel and Secretary	,  More, 
	1Elizabeth A. Simermeyer	 	2Executive Vice President, 	3Global Marketing and Communications	,  More, 
Ecolab Named to Chief Executive Magazine List: Ranks 28 of 40 Best Companies...,  January 16, 2013
NEWS Ecolab Named to Chief Executive Magazine List: Ranks 28 of 40 Best Companies... January 16, 2013 View All News, 
Privacy Policy,  Imprint,  Terms of Use,  Investors,  Feedback,  Sitemap,  © 2016 Ecolab
www.ecolab.com/about/leadership/
