
Glenn Kellow President and Chief Executive Officer,  Glenn Kellow is President and Chief Executive Officer of Peabody Energy. He was named CEO-elect and joined the company's board of directors in January 2015 and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in May 2015. Since joining Peabody in September 2013, Mr. Kellow has led an operational team that has significantly improved safety, productivity and costs, while also overseeing corporate strategy, marketing and business development. Mr. Kellow has worked across a broad range of commodities spanning three decades. Over a 28-year career with BHP Billiton, he held multiple leadership posts on three continents. He most recently served as president of the multinational aluminum and nickel business with operations in South Africa, Australia, Mozambique and Colombia. Mr. Kellow has held a number of executive, operating and financial positions in the coal, copper, base metals, steel and petroleum sectors in the United States, Australia and Chile. Mr. Kellow is a director and executive committee member of the World Coal Association, U.S. National Mining Association and the International Energy Agency Coal Industry Advisory Board. He is the former Chairman of Worsley Alumina in Australia, Chairman of Mozal in Mozambique and Chairman of the global Nickel Institute. In addition, he is a past member of the executive committee of the Western Australian Chamber of Minerals and Energy and the advisory board of the Energy and Mining Institute of the University of Western Australia. He holds a master’s degree in business administration and a bachelor’s degree in commerce from the University of Newcastle in Australia. He completed the advanced management program of the Wharton Business School and is a Fellow of CPA Australia. Mr. Kellow was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Science from South Dakota School of Mines & Technology and the Alumni Award for International Leadership from the University of Newcastle. A. Verona Dorch Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Government Affairs and Corporate Secretary,  A. Verona Dorch is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Government Affairs and Corporate Secretary for Peabody Energy. In this role, she has executive responsibility for providing comprehensive legal counsel for Peabody's business activities and leads the company's global legal, compliance and government affairs functions. Ms. Dorch has more than 20 years of legal experience counseling diverse global businesses. She most recently served as Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary for Harsco Corporation, a leading global industrial services company, where she advised the leadership team and board on strategic legal and business initiatives. She also has experience in corporate and securities law from top-tier law firms and with the Sumitomo Chemical Co. following a multi-year secondment in Tokyo, Japan. Ms. Dorch was recognized as a 2013 Pennsylvania Diverse Attorney of the Year, is a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation, and has been involved in board memberships with the Pennsylvania Chamber of Commerce, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Public School Foundation and YMCA. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Dartmouth College and Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. Bryan A. Galli Group Executive of Marketing and Trading,  Bryan A. Galli is Group Executive of Marketing and Trading for Peabody Energy. He has oversight of sales, marketing, logistics and trading and brokerage activities across the global enterprise. Mr. Galli previously served as Group Executive of Sales and Marketing – Australia, where he managed sales and marketing for Peabody's Australian metallurgical and thermal coal products. Prior to that, Mr. Galli also served as President of COALSALES from 2006 to 2012, leading efforts to transform the company's sales and marketing platform to serve global markets. He has held a series of senior positions at Peabody, including Group Executive for Midwest Operations and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for COALSALES in the Midwest. He has held significant mining engineering, operations and marketing positions at a number of companies throughout a 32-year career. Mr. Galli holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering from the School of Mines at the University of Missouri-Rolla, now called the Missouri University of Science and Technology. He also serves as a member of that university’s Mining Engineering Foundation Board. Charles Meintjes President – Australia,  Charles Meintjes is President – Australia for Peabody Energy. He has executive responsibility for the company’s Australia operating platform, which includes overseeing the areas of health and safety, operations, sales and marketing, product delivery and support functions. Mr. Meintjes has extensive senior operational, strategy, continuous improvement and information technology experience with mining companies on three continents. He also has led financial and technical functions, large re-engineering programs, information technology system implementations and large industrial construction projects. Mr. Meintjes joined Peabody in 2007, and most recently served as Acting President – Americas for Peabody Energy. Other past positions with the company include Group Executive of Midwest and Colorado Operations, Senior Vice President of Operations Improvement and Senior Vice President Engineering and Continuous Improvement. Prior to joining Peabody, he served as a consultant to Exxaro Resources Limited in South Africa, and is a former Executive Director and board member for Kumba Resources Limited in South Africa. He also served on the boards of two public companies, AST Gijima in South Africa and Ticor Limited in Australia. Meintjes has senior management experience in the steel and the aluminum industry with Iscor and Alusaf in South Africa. Mr. Meintjes holds dual Bachelor of Commerce degrees in accounting from Rand Afrikaans University and the University of South Africa. He is a Chartered Accountant in South Africa, and completed the advanced management program at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business. Amy Schwetz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Amy Schwetz is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Peabody Energy. She was promoted to the position in July 2015. Amy has executive responsibility for the company's financial and accounting functions, including treasury, insurance, risk management, accounting, financial reporting, tax, forecasting, capital management and budgeting, as well as investor relations and communications. Ms. Schwetz’s financial career spans two decades, including 10 years at Peabody with experience in finance, internal and external audit, investor relations, financial planning and treasury. She has held domestic and international operational posts, where she helped guide platforms in major repositioning initiatives that have improved productivity and lowered costs. Ms. Schwetz served as Peabody Energy Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration – Australia; Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration – Americas; Vice President of Investor Relations; Vice President of Capital and Financial Planning; Director of Financial Planning; and Director of Compliance and Accounting Policies. Amy joined Peabody from major accounting firm Ernst and Young where she held multiple audit roles over eight years. Ms. Schwetz is a prior winner of the St. Louis Business Journal “40 Under 40” Recognition. She is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Indiana University. Kemal Williamson President – Americas,  Kemal Williamson is President – Americas for Peabody Energy. He has executive responsibility for the company’s U.S. operating platform. He oversees the areas of health and safety; operations; product delivery; and support functions. Mr. Williamson brings more than 30 years of experience in mining engineering and operations roles across North America and Australia. He most recently was Group Executive of Operations for Peabody Energy Australia. He also has held executive leadership roles across a number of project development areas, as well as positions overseeing the company’s Western U.S., Powder River Basin and Midwest operations. Mr. Williamson joined the company in 2000 as Director of Land Management. Prior to Peabody, he served two years at Cyprus Australia Coal Corporation as Director of Operations and managed coal operations in Australia for half a decade. Mr. Williamson has mining engineering, financial analyst and management experience across Colorado, Kentucky and Illinois. Mr. Williamson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering from Pennsylvania State University as well as a Master of Business Administration degree from Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill.
About Us Mission and Values Peabody at a Glance Awards & Recognition 2014 Awards Leadership Team Board of Directors Glenn Kellow President and Chief Executive Officer Glenn Kellow is President and Chief Executive Officer of Peabody Energy. He was named CEO-elect and joined the company's board of directors in January 2015 and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in May 2015. Since joining Peabody in September 2013, Mr. Kellow has led an operational team that has significantly improved safety, productivity and costs, while also overseeing corporate strategy, marketing and business development. Mr. Kellow has worked across a broad range of commodities spanning three decades. Over a 28-year career with BHP Billiton, he held multiple leadership posts on three continents. He most recently served as president of the multinational aluminum and nickel business with operations in South Africa, Australia, Mozambique and Colombia. Mr. Kellow has held a number of executive, operating and financial positions in the coal, copper, base metals, steel and petroleum sectors in the United States, Australia and Chile. Mr. Kellow is a director and executive committee member of the World Coal Association, U.S. National Mining Association and the International Energy Agency Coal Industry Advisory Board. He is the former Chairman of Worsley Alumina in Australia, Chairman of Mozal in Mozambique and Chairman of the global Nickel Institute. In addition, he is a past member of the executive committee of the Western Australian Chamber of Minerals and Energy and the advisory board of the Energy and Mining Institute of the University of Western Australia. He holds a master’s degree in business administration and a bachelor’s degree in commerce from the University of Newcastle in Australia. He completed the advanced management program of the Wharton Business School and is a Fellow of CPA Australia. Mr. Kellow was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Science from South Dakota School of Mines & Technology and the Alumni Award for International Leadership from the University of Newcastle. A. Verona Dorch Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Government Affairs and Corporate Secretary A. Verona Dorch is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Government Affairs and Corporate Secretary for Peabody Energy. In this role, she has executive responsibility for providing comprehensive legal counsel for Peabody's business activities and leads the company's global legal, compliance and government affairs functions. Ms. Dorch has more than 20 years of legal experience counseling diverse global businesses. She most recently served as Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary for Harsco Corporation, a leading global industrial services company, where she advised the leadership team and board on strategic legal and business initiatives. She also has experience in corporate and securities law from top-tier law firms and with the Sumitomo Chemical Co. following a multi-year secondment in Tokyo, Japan. Ms. Dorch was recognized as a 2013 Pennsylvania Diverse Attorney of the Year, is a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation, and has been involved in board memberships with the Pennsylvania Chamber of Commerce, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Public School Foundation and YMCA. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Dartmouth College and Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. Bryan A. Galli Group Executive of Marketing and Trading Bryan A. Galli is Group Executive of Marketing and Trading for Peabody Energy. He has oversight of sales, marketing, logistics and trading and brokerage activities across the global enterprise. Mr. Galli previously served as Group Executive of Sales and Marketing – Australia, where he managed sales and marketing for Peabody's Australian metallurgical and thermal coal products. Prior to that, Mr. Galli also served as President of COALSALES from 2006 to 2012, leading efforts to transform the company's sales and marketing platform to serve global markets. He has held a series of senior positions at Peabody, including Group Executive for Midwest Operations and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for COALSALES in the Midwest. He has held significant mining engineering, operations and marketing positions at a number of companies throughout a 32-year career. Mr. Galli holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering from the School of Mines at the University of Missouri-Rolla, now called the Missouri University of Science and Technology. He also serves as a member of that university’s Mining Engineering Foundation Board. Charles Meintjes President – Australia Charles Meintjes is President – Australia for Peabody Energy. He has executive responsibility for the company’s Australia operating platform, which includes overseeing the areas of health and safety, operations, sales and marketing, product delivery and support functions. Mr. Meintjes has extensive senior operational, strategy, continuous improvement and information technology experience with mining companies on three continents. He also has led financial and technical functions, large re-engineering programs, information technology system implementations and large industrial construction projects. Mr. Meintjes joined Peabody in 2007, and most recently served as Acting President – Americas for Peabody Energy. Other past positions with the company include Group Executive of Midwest and Colorado Operations, Senior Vice President of Operations Improvement and Senior Vice President Engineering and Continuous Improvement. Prior to joining Peabody, he served as a consultant to Exxaro Resources Limited in South Africa, and is a former Executive Director and board member for Kumba Resources Limited in South Africa. He also served on the boards of two public companies, AST Gijima in South Africa and Ticor Limited in Australia. Meintjes has senior management experience in the steel and the aluminum industry with Iscor and Alusaf in South Africa. Mr. Meintjes holds dual Bachelor of Commerce degrees in accounting from Rand Afrikaans University and the University of South Africa. He is a Chartered Accountant in South Africa, and completed the advanced management program at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business. Amy Schwetz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Amy Schwetz is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Peabody Energy. She was promoted to the position in July 2015. Amy has executive responsibility for the company's financial and accounting functions, including treasury, insurance, risk management, accounting, financial reporting, tax, forecasting, capital management and budgeting, as well as investor relations and communications. Ms. Schwetz’s financial career spans two decades, including 10 years at Peabody with experience in finance, internal and external audit, investor relations, financial planning and treasury. She has held domestic and international operational posts, where she helped guide platforms in major repositioning initiatives that have improved productivity and lowered costs. Ms. Schwetz served as Peabody Energy Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration – Australia; Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration – Americas; Vice President of Investor Relations; Vice President of Capital and Financial Planning; Director of Financial Planning; and Director of Compliance and Accounting Policies. Amy joined Peabody from major accounting firm Ernst and Young where she held multiple audit roles over eight years. Ms. Schwetz is a prior winner of the St. Louis Business Journal “40 Under 40” Recognition. She is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Indiana University. Kemal Williamson President – Americas Kemal Williamson is President – Americas for Peabody Energy. He has executive responsibility for the company’s U.S. operating platform. He oversees the areas of health and safety; operations; product delivery; and support functions. Mr. Williamson brings more than 30 years of experience in mining engineering and operations roles across North America and Australia. He most recently was Group Executive of Operations for Peabody Energy Australia. He also has held executive leadership roles across a number of project development areas, as well as positions overseeing the company’s Western U.S., Powder River Basin and Midwest operations. Mr. Williamson joined the company in 2000 as Director of Land Management. Prior to Peabody, he served two years at Cyprus Australia Coal Corporation as Director of Operations and managed coal operations in Australia for half a decade. Mr. Williamson has mining engineering, financial analyst and management experience across Colorado, Kentucky and Illinois. Mr. Williamson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering from Pennsylvania State University as well as a Master of Business Administration degree from Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. Tweet, 
http://www.peabodyenergy.com/content/112/leadership-team