The Kroger Co. - Management & Directors


About Kroger
Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Jessica C. Adelman
Group Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Jessica C. Adelman is Group Vice President of Corporate Affairs for The Kroger Co. In this role, she focuses on reputation management, including external communications and brand public relations, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, media, government and regulatory affairs, crisis management, cause-marketing and corporate philanthropy and community relations. Jessica has 20 years of experience as a Corporate Affairs executive in the food industry. Most recently, she served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs for Syngenta North America, a leading agriculture company. Jessica has also held several strategic leadership roles with other companies in the food value chain, including both Cargill and Monsanto. She was named to her current role in 2015. Jessica graduated from Dartmouth College and earned an M.B.A. from the Wharton School. She also earned an M.A. in international relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an executive certificate in trade policy from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. Jessica, her husband and their three children are enjoying the welcoming community and vibrant city of Cincinnati.
Mary Ellen Adcock
Group Vice President of Retail Operations
Mary Ellen Adcock is Group Vice President of Retail Operations for The Kroger Co. In this role, she leads the Retail Operations team. Mary Ellen joined Kroger in 1999 at our Country Oven Bakery in Bowling Green, Kentucky. She held several leadership positions in Kroger Manufacturing, including Human Resources Manager, General Manager and Division Operations Manager. She was promoted to Vice President of Deli/Bakery Manufacturing in 2009. In 2012, she was promoted to Vice President of Natural Foods and moved to the Columbus Division in 2014 as Vice President of Merchandising.
Stuart Aitken
Group Vice President
As CEO of 84.51°, Stuart Aitken leads the team of 500+ associates as they work together to put the consumer at the center of every business decision. With an extensive background in technology, marketing and managing large organizations, he’s a firm believer in using data science to make people’s lives easier. Stuart previously served as CEO of dunnhumbyUSA for six years. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for arts-and-crafts retailer Michael’s Stores. For nearly a decade, he led marketing strategies, loyalty marketing, data analytics, innovation, and category management at Safeway. Stuart is originally from Scotland and lived in South Africa for 10 years before coming to the United States. He played rugby both those places and the US, and learned the value of teamwork and the power of courage. Stuart is an active participant for non-profits and businesses throughout the Tri-State community. He serves on the board of directors for the CincinnatiUSA Regional Chamber and on the board of trustees for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and the CBACM for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. He is married and has two children. Stuart holds a bachelor’s and a master’s degree in Information Management and also worked as a software industry consultant and as a technology professor.
Robert W. Clark
Senior Vice President, Merchandising
Mr. Clark has responsibility for Digital Merchandising & Merchandising Services, Grocery, HBC Non-Perishables, Inventory & Replenishment, Pharmacy, Planning & Promotion, General Merchandise and Supply Chain. Robert joined Fry’s Food Stores in 1985 as a courtesy clerk. Since then, he has held various leadership positions, including store and district management as well as in Grocery Merchandising. In 2002, he was named vice president of Merchandising for Fry’s. In 2010, he was promoted to vice president of Operations for the Columbus Division before taking on the role of vice president of Merchandising for the Fred Meyer Division in 2011. He most recently served as group vice president, non-perishables. He and his wife, Kelli, live in Northern Kentucky, and have two daughters, one son and five grandchildren.
Michael J. Donnelly
Executive Vice President of Merchandising
Mike leads the company’s Merchandising and Procurement teams for Grocery, Perishables, Drug/GM and Pharmacy. He also has overall responsibility for Marketing, Loyalty, Corporate Brands, Digital, Merchandising Systems Strategy, Manufacturing, Logistics/Supply Chain, Culinary Innovation, The Little Clinic and Vitacost. Mike began his career at Fry’s Food Stores in California in 1978. He advanced to several leadership positions at Fry’s, including district management. He was named vice president of Merchandising for Fry’s in 1995 and promoted to president of the Fry’s Division in 2000. After serving as senior vice president of Drug/General Merchandise in 2002, he resumed his role as president of Fry’s in 2003. He was named president of the Ralphs Division in 2007, and he was promoted to his current position in 2011. Mike is a director at 84.51° and was a member of the Coca-Cola retailing research council. Mike lives in Cincinnati, and enjoys spending time with his kids.
Kevin M. Dougherty
Group Vice President and Chief Digital Officer
The Kroger Co. Kevin Dougherty is Group Vice President & Chief Digital Officer for The Kroger Co., based in Cincinnati. He is responsible for leading the company’s Digital Strategy along with its Health and Wellness Business Strategy. The Digital Team launched in 2012 and is focused on building Kroger’s presence in the marketplace in digital channels, personalization and e-commerce. Vitacost.com merged with the Kroger Co in 2014 and will accelerate the company’s emergence in the online ship to home channel. Kevin joined Kroger in 2001 as Vice President of Supply Chain Operations. He previously maintained an independent consulting practice focusing on logistics and operational performance. He also held a number of key positions in logistics and information technology with Baxter Healthcare Corp. and Witron Integrated Logistics Corp. He was elected Group Vice President of Logistics at Kroger in 2004. He was named to his current role in 2015. He earned a bachelor’s degree in Urban Systems from Fairleigh Dickinson University and an M.B.A. from Widener University.
Christopher T. Hjelm
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Chris Hjelm is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for The Kroger Co. He is responsible for managing the company’s nationwide network of Information and Technology Systems, including systems used in retail stores, manufacturing plants, distribution centers and offices, as well as Research & Development. He also oversees 84.51°, Aviation, Corporate Travel, Indirect Sourcing, and the Check Recovery Center. Chris earned a bachelor’s degree from Colorado State University and an honorary Ph.D. from Colorado Technical University. Before joining Kroger in 2005, Chris was CIO of Cendant’s Travel Distribution Services. He also served as senior vice president for technology at eBay Inc., executive vice president at Excite@Home, and senior vice president and CIO at Federal Express Corp. He serves on the board of directors for Kindred Healthcare, a public company that provides acute care rehabilitation services. Chris and his wife, Karen, live in Cincinnati and enjoy travel and golf with their three children and growing family.  He has a particular passion for food and is an aspiring amateur chef.
Sukanya Madlinger
Senior Vice President
Sukanya is Senior Vice President of Retail Divisions for The Kroger Co., and has responsibility for several retail divisions. Sukanya joined Kroger in 1986 as a store management trainee and has held a variety of leadership positions in stores and Merchandising throughout her tenure. In 2003, she was named vice president of Drug/General Merchandise/Pharmacy Merchandising and Procurement for Kroger’s corporate office in Cincinnati. Sukanya returned to the Cincinnati/Dayton Division in 2008 as vice president of Merchandising, and was promoted to President of the Cincinnati/Dayton Division in 2010. Sukanya earned a bachelor’s degree in Finance from Wright State University in Dayton. She is a member of the board of directors for the Cincinnati chapter of Boys Hope Girls Hope, which supports local at-risk youth. She also worked with the local Muscular Dystrophy campaign and led Kroger’s Garnes-Ward Scholarship Program for minority students. Sukanya was born in India and moved to the United States at the age of 2. She and her husband, Rick, live in Springboro, Ohio and have two children and one granddaughter.
Timothy A. Massa
Group Vice President of Human Resources & Labor Relations
Some of Tim’s key affiliations include: • Cincinnatus Leadership Society Member of The United Way • College of Mt. St. Joseph Board of Trustees member • Freestore Foodbank Board of Trustees • University of Dayton Champions and Scholars Program member • Greater Cincinnati Fund Foundation Member • Active member of The Network of Executive Women (NEW) Association • HR for HR Executives Summit Board member • Tickets for Kids Charities Member
Mr. Massa is Group Vice President of Human Resources & Labor Relations for The Kroger Company. His responsibilities include Labor Relations, Recruiting, Organization Design, Learning and Development, Succession Planning, Talent Development, and Performance Management.
Tim joined Kroger in October 2010. Prior to that, he served in numerous HR Leadership positions for 21 years at Procter & Gamble. This included 9 relocations across the US as well as 3 years based in Central Europe. Tim has an extensive global HR generalist background in Leadership Development, Performance Management, Strategy Development, and Employee Engagement. Tim earned a bachelor’s degree in Communications from The University of Dayton in 1989. He grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio and is married to Lisa Massa. Tim and Lisa live in Montgomery, Ohio with their two teenage daughters, Mallory and Morgan.
W. Rodney McMullen
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Rodney McMullen is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Kroger Co., which employs 375,000 associates who serve customers in more than 3,700 supermarkets, convenience and jewelry stores under two dozen names. Kroger also operates 37 U.S. food processing plants. Rodney joined Kroger in 1978 as a part-time stock clerk in Lexington, Ky. During his career with Kroger, he has served in numerous leadership positions, including Assistant Treasurer, Vice President of Planning and Capital Management, Corporate Controller, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman. He was elected to Kroger’s Board of Directors in 2003, to President and Chief Operating Officer in 2009, and to his current position in 2014. Rodney was named Chairman of the Board in 2015. Rodney is a member of the Board of Directors of Cincinnati Financial Corp. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Xavier University and on the Business Partnership Foundation, Gatton College of Business and Economics at the University of Kentucky. Rodney earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, a B.B.A. in Finance, and a master’s degree in Accounting, all from the University of Kentucky. Rodney and his wife live in Cincinnati.
Frederick J. Morganthall II
Executive Vice President, Retail Operations
Fred J. Morganthall, II is Executive Vice President, Retail Operations, for The Kroger Co. He is responsible for all supermarket retail divisions. In this role, Kroger’s three Senior Vice Presidents of Retail Operations report to him. Fred most recently served as Senior Vice President with direct responsibility for several retail divisions. Prior to that, he served as President of Harris Teeter Supermarkets since 1997. He also served in various executive management positions at Harris Teeter, Inc. from 1986 – 1996 including Vice President of Merchandising, Vice President of Distribution, and Vice President of Operations. Fred joined Harris Teeter in 1986 as Director of Grocery Merchandising. Fred also brings with him knowledge of the grocery industry from Spartan Stores in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where he worked from 1978 – 1986 and was responsible for grocery, frozen and dairy purchasing; general merchandise; and beauty care. He also worked as a buyer for Viking Foods and began his career with Proctor & Gamble in 1973. Fred has considerable board committee experience, served as Chairman for the Food Marketing Institute and was a member of the Spartan Stores Board of Directors from 2007-2012. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Journalism from Bowling Green State University. Fred has lived in Charlotte, N.C. for 28 years. He has two children and has been married 41 years.
J. Michael Schlotman
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Mike Schlotman is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Kroger Co. He is responsible for Accounting, Capital Management, Corporate Finance, Facility Engineering, Investor Relations, Pension Management, Real Estate, Shared Services, Tax and Treasury. Additionally, he is responsible for Convenience Stores, Jewelry Stores, Corporate Reporting and Insights, Data Integrity and Risk Management. He is a member of the board of directors of the Cincinnati/ Northern Kentucky International Airport.  He also serves on the Ohio National Board and the University of Cincinnati Economics Center Board. Mike joined Kroger in 1985 and has held a variety of leadership positions in accounting, including vice president and corporate controller. He was named group vice president and chief financial officer in 2000, and was named senior vice president in 2003. Mike earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Kentucky. He and his wife live in Cincinnati and have one son.
Reuben Shaffer
Reuben Shaffer is Chief Diversity Officer for The Kroger Co., based in Cincinnati. He oversees comprehensive diversity initiatives for the company’s 338,000 associates, who work at more than 3,600 supermarkets, convenience and jewelry stores in 31 states as well as 40 food-processing plants and 33 distribution centers. He is responsible for Kroger’s Supplier Diversity initiatives and ongoing commitment to create an inclusive business culture. Reuben joined Kroger in 1988. He held a variety of leadership positions with the company through the years, including store and district management. He also served in Human Resources and Communications roles, including a position as vice president of Human Resources. Most recently, he served as vice president of Operations for Kroger’s Cincinnati/Dayton division, which operates 109 Kroger supermarkets in Ohio, Indiana and Northern Kentucky. He was named to his current position in 2011. Reuben is a graduate of the University of Cincinnati. He is involved in several local community organizations, including the Cincinnati Association of the Blind and the Cincinnati Scholarship Foundation. He and his wife, Kathy, live in Cincinnati and have one daughter and two grandchildren.
Erin Sharp
Group Vice President, Manufacturing
Erin Sharp is Group Vice President of Manufacturing for The Kroger Co., based in Cincinnati. She is responsible for Kroger’s network of manufacturing plants as well as Sourcing and Planning for all of Kroger Corporate Brands grocery products. Erin joined Kroger in 2011 as vice president, Operations for the Manufacturing Division. She was promoted to her current role in 2013. Before joining the company, she served as vice president of Manufacturing for Sara Lee Corporation. In that role, Erin led the Manufacturing and Logistics Operations for the Central Region of their U.S. Fresh Bakery Division. Erin earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of Western Ontario and a master’s in Business Administration from the University of Texas. Erin serves on the Board of Directors for the local Cincinnati Red Cross as well as serves on industry boards for the ABA (American Bakers Association) and IDFA (International Dairy Foods Association).
Alex Tosolini
Senior Vice President, New Business Development
Alex Tosolini is Senior Vice President of New Business Development for The Kroger Co. He leads the strategic process to identify, evaluate, and develop new opportunities that capitalize on Kroger’s powerful assets and contribute to the Company’s continued growth and financial performance. Alex joined Kroger in November 2014. He has 24 years of experience as a global business executive for the Procter & Gamble Co., most recently serving as Senior Vice President of Global eBusiness and Vice President of Global eCommerce. He held numerous leadership positions for P&G throughout his career, in the U.S. and internationally, and managed the development of innovative products and services in many lines of the business. Alex was born and raised in Italy and earned a degree in Business Administration at Bocconi University in Milan before beginning his career with P&G in the United Kingdom in 1990. He and his wife, Suzanne, have two children, and live in Cincinnati.
Mark Tuffin
Senior Vice President
Mark Tuffin is Senior Vice President of Retail Divisions for The Kroger Co. Mark started his career in the grocery business at Tesco while studying economics in Maidstone, England. He held various positions with other supermarket retailers before joining Smith’s Food and Drug Stores in 1996. Smith’s became a retail division of The Kroger Co. in 1998. At Smith’s, Mark served in a series of leadership roles and was named vice president of Merchandising in 1999. In 2009, he was promoted to vice president of Transition at Kroger’s general office in Cincinnati. In this role, he was responsible for implementing an organizational restructuring initiative affecting the company’s 18 retail divisions. Mark then moved back to Smith’s in 2011 to serve as president before taking on his current role as senior vice president for retail divisions in 2014.
Christine S. Wheatley
Group Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Christine Wheatley is Group Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel for The Kroger Co. and has responsibility for the legal matters of the company. Prior to joining Kroger's Law Department in 2008, Christine was in the private practice of law for 11 years; most recently as a partner at Porter Wright Morris & Arthur in Cincinnati. She was promoted to her current position in 2014. Christine serves on the Board of The Legal Aid Society of Greater Cincinnati and represents Kroger on the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity. She is the executive sponsor of the Alliance of Kroger associate resource group. Christine has a B.A. in Economics from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. from The Ohio State University College of Law. Christine and her husband Bryan live in Cincinnati and enjoy spending time with their daughter and son.
Nora A. Aufreiter
Director Since December 2014
Ms. Aufreiter is Director Emeritus of McKinsey & Company, a global management consulting firm. She had roles of increasing responsibility during her 27 years with the firm including serving on their global personnel committees. Her roles included leading the firm’s North American Retail Practice, North American Branding service line, McKinsey’s Toronto office, and the firm’s Consumer Digital and Omnichannel service line, which she led until her retirement in June of this year. Ms. Aufreiter is a member of the Board of Directors of Scotiabank and Neiman Marcus Group. She serves on the boards of St. Michael’s Hospital and the Canadian Opera Company, and is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board for the Ivey Business School in Ontario, Canada. She is a graduate of the Harvard Business School. Age: 55 Director Since: 2014
Robert D. Beyer
Director Since January 1999
Mr. Beyer is Chairman of Chaparal Investments LLC, a private investment firm and holding company that he founded in 2009. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Beyer served as Chief Executive Officer of The TCW Group, Inc., a global investment management firm. From 2000 to 2005, he served as President and Chief Investment Officer of Trust Company of the West, the principal operating subsidiary of TCW. Mr. Beyer is a member of the Board of Directors of The Allstate Corporation. He has been appointed by Kroger's Board to serve as Lead Director. Mr. Beyer brings to Kroger his experience as CEO of TCW, a global investment management firm serving many of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. He has exceptional insight into Kroger’s financial strategy, and his experience qualifies him to serve as a member of the Financial Policy Committee. While at TCW, he also conceived and developed the firm’s risk management infrastructure, an experience that is useful to the Kroger Board in performing its risk management oversight functions. His abilities and service as a director were recognized by his peers, who selected Mr. Beyer as an Outstanding Director in 2008 as part of the Outstanding Directors Program of the Financial Times. Age: 53 Director Since: 1999
Anne Gates
DIRECTOR SINCE DECEMBER 2015
Ms. Gates is president of MGA Entertainment, Inc., a privately-held developer, manufacturer and marketer of toy and entertainment products for children. Prior to her current role, she held roles of increasing responsibility with the Walt Disney Company from 1992 – 2012. Her roles included executive vice president, managing director, and chief financial officer for Disney Consumer Products and senior vice president of operations, planning and analysis. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. Gates worked for PepsiCo and Bear Stearns.
Ms. Gates is chairwoman of Big Sunday and a member of the Boards of Columbia University School of Engineering, Cadre and PBS SoCal (KOCE-TV Foundation). She received a master's degree from Columbia University School of Engineering and a bachelor's degree in mathematics from the University of California-Berkeley.
Susan J. Kropf
Director Since January 2007
Ms. Kropf was President and Chief Operating Officer of Avon Products Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of beauty care products, from 2001 until her retirement in January 2007. She joined Avon in 1970. Prior to her most recent assignment, Ms. Kropf had been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Avon North America and Global Business Operations from 1998 to 2000. From 1997 to 1998 she was President, Avon U.S. Ms. Kropf was a member of Avon’s Board of Directors from 1998 to 2006. She currently is a member of the Board of Directors of Coach, Inc., MeadWestvaco Corporation, and Sherwin Williams Company. Ms. Kropf has gained a unique consumer insight, having led a major beauty care company. She has extensive experience in manufacturing, marketing, supply chain operations, customer service, and product development, all of which assist her in her role as a member of Kroger’s Board. Ms. Kropf has a strong financial background, and has served on compensation, audit, and corporate governance committees of other boards. She was inducted into the YWCA Academy of Women Achievers. Age: 64 Director Since: 2007
W. Rodney McMullen
Director Since January 2003
Rodney McMullen is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Kroger Co., which employs 375,000 associates who serve customers in more than 3,700 supermarkets, convenience and jewelry stores under two dozen names. Kroger also operates 37 U.S. food processing plants. Rodney joined Kroger in 1978 as a part-time stock clerk in Lexington, Ky. During his career with Kroger, he has served in numerous leadership positions, including Assistant Treasurer, Vice President of Planning and Capital Management, Corporate Controller, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman. He was elected to Kroger’s Board of Directors in 2003, to President and Chief Operating Officer in 2009, and to his current position in 2014. Rodney was named Chairman of the Board in 2015. Rodney is a member of the Board of Directors of Cincinnati Financial Corp. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Xavier University and on the Business Partnership Foundation, Gatton College of Business and Economics at the University of Kentucky. Rodney earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, a B.B.A. in Finance, and a master’s degree in Accounting, all from the University of Kentucky. Rodney and his wife live in Cincinnati.
Jorge P. Montoya
Director Since January 2007
Mr. Montoya was President of The Procter & Gamble Company’s Global Snacks & Beverage Division, and President of Procter & Gamble Latin America, from 1999 until his retirement in 2004. Prior to that, he was an Executive Vice President of Procter & Gamble, a provider of branded consumer packaged goods, from 1995 to 1999. Mr. Montoya is a director of The Gap, Inc. Mr. Montoya brings to Kroger’s Board over 30 years of leadership experience at a premier consumer products company. He has a deep knowledge of the Hispanic market, as well as consumer products and retail operations. Mr. Montoya has vast experience in marketing and general management, including international business. He was named among the 50 most important Hispanics in Business & Technology, in Hispanic Engineer & Information Technology Magazine. Age: 66 Director Since: 2007
Clyde R. Moore
Director Since January 1997
Mr. Moore is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First Service Networks, a national provider of facility and maintenance repair services. He is a director of First Service Networks. Mr. Moore has over 25 years of general management experience in public and private companies. He has sound experience as a corporate leader overseeing all aspects of a facilities management firm and a manufacturing concern. Mr. Moore’s expertise broadens the scope of the Board’s experience to provide oversight to Kroger’s facilities and manufacturing businesses. Age: 59 Director Since: 1997
Susan M. Phillips
Director Since January 2003
Dr. Phillips is Professor Emeritus of Finance at The George Washington University School of Business. She joined that university as a Professor and Dean in 1998. She retired as Dean of the School of Business as of June 30, 2010, and as Professor the following year. She was a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from December 1991 through June 1998. Before her Federal Reserve appointment, Dr. Phillips served as Vice President for Finance and University Services and Professor of Finance in The College of Business Administration at the University of Iowa from 1987 through 1991. She is a director of CBOE Holdings, Inc., State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, State Farm Life Insurance Company, State Farm Companies Foundation, National Futures Association, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, and Agnes Scott College. Dr. Phillips also was a trustee of the Financial Accounting Foundation until the end of 2010. Dr. Phillips brings to the Board strong financial acumen, along with a deep understanding of, and involvement with, the relationship between corporations and the government. Her experience in academia brings a unique and diverse viewpoint to the deliberations of the Board. Dr. Phillips has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert. Age: 68 Director Since: 2003
James A. Runde
Director Since January 2006
Mr. Runde is a special advisor and a former Vice Chairman of Morgan Stanley, a financial services provider, where he has been employed since 1974. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Burlington Resources Inc. prior to its acquisition by ConocoPhillips in 2006. Mr. Runde serves as a Trustee Emeritus of Marquette University and the Pierpont Morgan Library. Mr. Runde brings to Kroger’s Board a strong financial background, having led a major financial services provider. He has served on the compensation committee of a major corporation. Age: 66 Director Since: 2006
Ronald L. Sargent
Director Since January 2006
Mr. Sargent is Chairman of the Board of Staples, Inc., a consumer products retailer, a position he has held since 2005. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Staples from 2002 to June 2016. Prior to joining Staples, Mr. Sargent spent 10 years with Kroger in various positions. In addition to serving as a director of Staples, Mr. Sargent is a director of Five Below, Inc. During the past five years, he was a director of Mattel, Inc. and The Home Depot, Inc. Mr. Sargent has over 30 years of retail experience, first with Kroger and then with increasing levels of responsibility and leadership at Staples, Inc. His efforts helped carve out a new market niche for the international retailer that he leads. His understanding of retail operations and consumer insights are of particular value to the Board. Mr. Sargent has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert. Age: 57 Director Since: 2006
Bobby S. Shackouls
Director Since January 1999
Until the merger of Burlington Resources Inc. and ConocoPhillips, which became effective in 2006, Mr. Shackouls was Chairman of the Board of Burlington Resources Inc., a natural resources business, since July 1997 and its President and Chief Executive Officer since December 1995. He had been a director of that company since 1995 and President and Chief Executive Officer of Burlington Resources Oil and Gas Company (formerly known as Meridian Oil Inc.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Burlington Resources, since 1994. Mr. Shackouls is a director of PNGS GP LLC, the general partner of PAA Natural Gas Storage, L.P. and Oasis Petroleum Inc. During the past five years, Mr. Shackouls was a director of ConocoPhillips. Mr. Shackouls brings to the Board the critical thinking that comes with a chemical engineering background. His guidance of a major natural resources company, coupled with his corporate governance expertise, forms the foundation of his leadership role on Kroger’s Board. Age: 62 Director Since: 1999
About Kroger