Corporate Leadership | St. Jude Medical


President and CEO
Michael Rousseau
Our Executive Leadership Team
Michael T. Rousseau, President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Rousseau was named president and chief executive officer of St. Jude Medical in January 2016. He previously held the title of chief operating officer, overseeing the company’s global sales, marketing, technology development, operations, supply chain and quality functions. Mr. Rousseau has driven strategic transformation across the company and spearheaded the recent integration of the company’s four product divisions into centralized global functions—with a shared global vision, mission and growth strategy.
Under Mr. Rousseau’s tenure as chief operating officer, St. Jude Medical has achieved significant cost-savings and operational efficiencies through the realignment and restructuring of the company’s global supply chain processes, manufacturing operations, quality systems and infrastructure. Recognizing the changing customer landscape, Mr. Rousseau has also broadened the company’s global customer service operations with a focus to enhance the experience for customers around the world.
Mr. Rousseau joined St. Jude Medical in 1999 as senior vice president, cardiac rhythm management (CRM) global marketing and, later that year, CRM marketing and sales were combined under his leadership. In 2001, Mr. Rousseau was named president, U.S. CRM sales and then president, U.S. division. In January 2008, he was promoted to group president and assumed responsibility for the company’s four product divisions.
Prior to his tenure at St. Jude Medical, Mr. Rousseau worked for Sulzer Intermedics, Inc. for 11 years as vice president of several functional areas, and as director, risk management. Mr. Rousseau received his B.B.A. degree in business administration with an emphasis on risk management and insurance from the University of Georgia.
John C. Heinmiller, Executive Vice President
John Heinmiller has been executive vice president of St. Jude Medical since 2004. Prior to holding this role, he was the company’s chief financial officer from September 1998 to August 2012.
Mr. Heinmiller joined St. Jude Medical in May 1998 as vice president, corporate business development, through the company’s acquisition of Daig Corp. in 1996. He was a member of Daig’s board of directors since 1993 and served as its vice president of finance and administration from 1995 to 1997.
From 1991 to 1995, Mr. Heinmiller was vice president, finance and CFO of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc., a medical and surgical products company. He began his career in 1975 with Grant Thornton LLP, becoming an audit partner in 1986. Over the years, he served a variety of clients, including several companies in the medical device field.
Mr. Heinmiller holds a bachelor degree in business administration from The Ohio State University and is a licensed CPA.
Lisa M. Andrade, Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer
Lisa Andrade was named chief marketing officer of St. Jude Medical in January 2014. She joined the company in 1997 as part of the acquisition of Ventritex Inc.
Before taking on her current role, Ms. Andrade led global strategy and market development efforts worldwide. She has also managed marketing for our U.S. division and served in leadership positions in engineering for the company’s cardiac rhythm management business. Ms. Andrade left the company in 1999 to pursue other interests and rejoined St. Jude Medical in 2006.
Ms. Andrade holds a bachelor’s degree in biomedical and electrical engineering and a master’s degree in biomedical engineering focused in cardiac electrophysiology, both from Duke University. In addition, she holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
Paul Bae, Vice President, Global Human Resources and Chief Compliance Officer
Paul Bae was named vice president of global human resources in February 2015, adding this role’s duties to those of chief compliance officer. He joined St. Jude Medical in 2003 and was named deputy general counsel, labor and employment and chief compliance officer in 2012.
Mr. Bae has extensive experience in labor and employment law, and previously served St. Jude Medical as vice president, corporate HR from 2006 to 2009 and as senior vice president, administration and general counsel for what is now the Americas division from 2009 to 2012.
Prior to joining St. Jude Medical, Mr. Bae was a prosecutor in Silicon Valley and a litigator for the San Francisco and Los Angeles offices of the law firm of Ropers, Majeski, Kohn & Bentley. He also headed the litigation team of Alpha Therapeutic Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company.
Mr. Bae received bachelor’s degrees in political science and sociology from University of California, Los Angeles, and has a law degree from the University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law.
Mark D. Carlson, M.D., Vice President, Global Clinical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer
Mark D. Carlson, M.D., was named vice president, global clinical affairs and chief medical officer in September 2013.
Dr. Carlson joined St. Jude Medical in 2006 as chief medical officer and senior vice president, clinical affairs of the company’s cardiac rhythm management division. Beginning in 2007, he served as the chief medical officer and senior vice president of research and clinical affairs not only of the cardiac rhythm management division but also later of the expanded implantable electronics systems division.
He came to the company from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, where he served most recently as professor of medicine and associate vice president for governmental relations. He has served in a variety of industry and government advisory roles, and his research on arrhythmias and neural control has resulted in over 150 publications.
Dr. Carlson received his medical degree from the University of Kansas, and a master’s degree in public policy from Duke University. He trained in internal medicine at University Hospitals of Cleveland and Case Western Reserve University, and in cardiology and cardiac electrophysiology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University.
Philip J. Ebeling, Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Philip J. Ebeling became vice president and chief technology officer at St. Jude Medical in January 2016. He leads R&D, regulatory and program management functions across the company.
Mr. Ebeling joined St. Jude Medical in 2008 as vice president, research and development, cardiovascular. In 2012, he assumed additional responsibility for electrophysiology R&D. Prior to joining St. Jude Medical, Mr. Ebeling spent 12 years at Boston Scientific (SciMed), where he was director of program management and director of process development. He also spent six years as a new product development engineer for Rexam Flexible Packaging. Mr. Ebeling holds five issued or pending patents on medical device design and technology.
He earned a bachelor’s of science degree in chemical engineering from the University of Minnesota and an M.B.A. from the University of St. Thomas. Mr. Ebeling has also completed the Advanced Management Program (AMP) at Harvard Business School in 2013.
Rachel H. Ellingson, Vice President, Corporate Strategy
Rachel Ellingson was named vice president, corporate strategy in January 2016. In this role, Ms. Ellingson is responsible for global communications, business development and merger and acquisition (M&A) integration. She also serves as president of the St. Jude Medical Foundation.
Ms. Ellingson joined the company in 2010 through the acquisition of AGA Medical, where she served as vice president of business development and investor relations. She was named vice president, corporate relations for St. Jude Medical in August 2012 and vice president, global communications in July 2014. Previously, she spent 15 years in investment banking, most recently as a managing director with the medical device team at Bank of America.
Ms. Ellingson earned her undergraduate degree from the University of Rhode Island and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Connecticut.
Eric S. Fain, M.D., Group President
Eric Fain, M.D., became group president of St. Jude Medical in January 2014. He is responsible for clinical affairs, global sales and marketing.
Dr. Fain joined St. Jude Medical in 1997 as vice president of systems development as part of the company’s acquisition of Ventritex Inc., where he worked for 10 years.
After joining St. Jude Medical, Dr. Fain went on to become senior vice president of clinical/regulatory affairs for the company’s cardiac rhythm management division in 1998. He was subsequently promoted to executive vice president of development and clinical/regulatory affairs for the cardiac rhythm management division in 2005, and president of the division in 2007. In 2012, with the merger of the cardiac rhythm management and neuromodulation divisions, he became president of the implantable electronic systems division. He served in this role until assuming the responsibilities of group president.
Dr. Fain received his medical degree from Stanford University School of Medicine and holds an Sc.B. degree in applied mathematics and biology from Brown University.
Jeffry A. Fecho, Vice President, Global Quality
Jeffry Fecho became vice president of global quality in January 2012. He joined St. Jude Medical in 2005 as director of quality for the cardiovascular division and was promoted to vice president of quality in 2008.
Mr. Fecho has more than two decades of experience in the medical device industry. Before coming to St. Jude Medical, he worked in research and development and quality operations for Boston Scientific, in quality and manufacturing for the startup SaluMedica, LLC and as a quality engineer for C.R. Bard.
Mr. Fecho holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial technology from East Carolina University and an M.B.A. from Elon University in North Carolina.
Denis M. Gestin, President, International Division
Denis Gestin became president of the international division in January 2008.
Mr. Gestin joined St. Jude Medical in 1997, managing sales of cardiac rhythm management and catheter products in France. He was named managing director of St. Jude Medical France in 1999 and was promoted to vice president, Northern Europe and Africa in 2002. Starting in 2004 and continuing until assuming his current role, he was president of SJM Europe, Middle East, Africa and Canada.
Mr. Gestin has more than two decades of experience in the medical device industry in Europe, including a decade at ELA Medical. He holds an advanced degree in business from the Ecole des Cadres in Paris, France.
Mark W. Murphy, Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer
Mark Murphy was named vice president of information technology and chief information officer in April 2013. He joined St. Jude Medical in 2003 as a director of corporate IT, and in 2009 became senior director of enterprise applications. In that role, he had responsibility for business applications, including the global SAP program.
Prior to joining St. Jude Medical, Mr. Murphy worked in IT management in retail, financial services and medical technology, including the cardiac rhythm management business unit of Boston Scientific (formerly Guidant).
He holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Purdue University and an M.B.A. from Indiana University.
Scott P. Thome, Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain
Scott Thome was named vice president, global operations and supply chain in January 2014.
Mr. Thome joined St. Jude Medical in 1998 as part of the acquisition of Vascular Science, Inc. As a program manager at St. Jude Medical, he led a team that won the company’s William G. Hendrickson Award in 2001 for technical achievement for its work with a mechanical system for connecting blood vessels. In 2005 Mr. Thome was named vice president of operations, cardiovascular, and in 2010 he was promoted to senior vice president of operations. His scope expanded when the cardiovascular and atrial fibrillation divisions were combined in 2012.
Mr. Thome earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from North Dakota State University and an M.B.A. in marketing from St. Cloud State University. He was awarded the Hendrickson Award for his work with the mechanical anastomotic system.
Jason A. Zellers, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Jason Zellers became vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary in October 2011.
Mr. Zellers joined the company in 2006 as vice president and general counsel for the international division. In that role, he had responsibility for legal and regulatory affairs, business development and quality assurance. Before coming to St. Jude Medical, he was a partner at the law firms of Armstrong Teasdale LLP and Schiff Hardin LLP, and served as senior counsel at GE Healthcare.
Mr. Zellers is a graduate of Harvard Law School and Southern Illinois University, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in history.
Donald J. Zurbay, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Donald Zurbay became vice president, finance and chief financial officer in August 2012.
Mr. Zurbay joined St. Jude Medical as director of finance in 2003 and in 2004 was subsequently named corporate controller. Before coming to St. Jude Medical, Mr. Zurbay worked at Deloitte and Touche LLP, The Valspar Corporation and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Mr. Zurbay is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Minnesota Society of Certified Public Accountants. He holds a bachelor’s degree with an emphasis in accounting from the University of Minnesota.
Back to Top