Bank of America | Executive team – Leadership team – Management team


We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience.....
Student Leaders®
Ken Burns partnership
Learn more about our partnership with filmmaker Ken Burns and his latest film ..
Jackie Robinson
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities...
Journalist resources
Executive biographies
Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more
Brian Moynihan |
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Brian Moynihan leads a team of more than 200,000 employees dedicated to making financial lives better for people, companies of every size, and institutional investors across the United States and around the world.
about Brian Moynihan
Dean Athanasia |
President of Preferred and Small Business Banking, Co-head of Consumer Banking
Dean Athanasia is president of Preferred and Small Business and co-head of Consumer Banking at Bank of America. He is a member of the company’s executive management team. Athanasia’s team is responsible for growing relationships and serving the financial needs of the company’s 11 million mass affluent households and 3…
about Dean Athanasia
Catherine P. Bessant |
Catherine P. Bessant is chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America, and is a member of the company’s executive management team.
about Catherine P. Bessant
Sheri B. Bronstein |
Global Human Resources Executive
Sheri B. Bronstein is the global human resources executive for Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Bronstein leads a global team of human resources professionals responsible for recruiting, leadership development, learning, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, and…
about Sheri B. Bronstein
Paul M. Donofrio |
Chief Financial Officer
Paul M. Donofrio is chief financial officer at Bank of America, with responsibility for the overall financial management of the company, including accounting, balance sheet management, financial planning and analysis, corporate treasury, investor relations, corporate investments and tax. He is also a member of the company’s e…
about Paul M. Donofrio
Anne M. Finucane |
Vice Chairman
Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company's executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global ma…
about Anne M. Finucane
Geoffrey S. Greener |
Chief Risk Officer
Geoffrey S. Greener is chief risk officer of Bank of America. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s governance and strategy for global risk management and compliance, including relationships with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide. Greener is a member of the company’s executive management team. G…
about Geoffrey S. Greener
Christine P. Katziff |
Corporate General Auditor
Christine P. Katziff is the corporate general auditor of Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She leads a global team of audit and credit review professionals responsible for providing an independent assessment of the company’s internal controls and credit standards and for making rec…
about Christine P. Katziff
Terry Laughlin |
Vice Chairman, Head of Global Wealth and Investment Management
Terry Laughlin is vice chairman of Bank of America, and a member of the company’s executive management team. His responsibilities include oversight of the company’s Global Wealth and Investment Management division, which includes Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust, and Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions. To…
about Terry Laughlin
David G. Leitch |
Global General Counsel
David G. Leitch is global general counsel for Bank of America, responsible for overseeing the company’s legal functions and its relationships with regulatory and law enforcement authorities around the world.
about David G. Leitch
Gary G. Lynch |
Vice Chairman
Gary G. Lynch is a vice chairman of Bank of America and a member of the executive management team. He is responsible for advising the bank's senior leadership and board of directors, with a focus on international regulatory, corporate governance and shareholder-related matters.
about Gary G. Lynch
Thomas K. Montag |
Chief Operating Officer
Thomas K. Montag is chief operating officer of Bank of America and is a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, he is responsible for all of the businesses that serve companies and institutional investors, including middle-market commercial and large corporate clients, and institutional investor clients, …
about Thomas K. Montag
Thong M. Nguyen |
President of Retail Banking
Thong M. Nguyen is president of Bank of America’s Retail Banking business and is a member of the company’s executive management team. His team is responsible for providing a full range of financial products and services to 60 million customers.
about Thong M. Nguyen
Andrea B. Smith |
Andrea B. Smith is Bank of America’s chief administrative officer and a member of the company’s executive management team. In this role, Smith brings together several critical functions that drive the business strategy for the company.
about Andrea B. Smith
Bruce R. Thompson |
Vice Chairman
Bruce R. Thompson is vice chairman at Bank of America and chairman of Global Acquisition Finance and Capital Commitments.
about Bruce R. Thompson
Brian Moynihan
Dean Athanasia
Catherine P. Bessant
Sheri B. Bronstein
Paul M. Donofrio
Anne M. Finucane
Geoffrey S. Greener
Christine P. Katziff
Terry Laughlin
David G. Leitch
Gary G. Lynch
Thomas K. Montag
Thong M. Nguyen
Andrea B. Smith
Bruce R. Thompson
Journalist resources
Executive biographies
This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. .
Download the latest update of Adobe Reader
General disclaimer for Bank of America Merrill Lynch.