
skip to main content,  Toggle navigation project portfolio back to main menu project portfolio overview gorgon wheatstone jack/st. malo tengiz expansion big foot mafumeira sul the permian basin operations back to main menu operations overview exploration & production refining transportation supply & trading products & services lubricants power chemicals & additives technology back to main menu technology overview innovation runs deep managing our assets drilling enhanced oil recovery economics of innovation corporate responsibility back to main menu corporate responsibility overview creating prosperity people environment climate change corporate responsibility reporting industry-specific reporting investors back to main menu investors overview events & presentations press releases corporate governance stockholder services stock information financial information archives about back to main menu about overview the chevron way operational excellence leadership culture history stories media careers chevron stations texaco stations credit card/bill pay worldwide toggle search Toggle navigation menu close projects gorgon wheatstone jack/st. malo tengiz expansion big foot mafumeira sul the permian basin operations exploration & production products & services refining supply & trading transportation chemicals & additives lubricants power technology innovation runs deep managing our assets drilling enhanced oil recovery economics of innovation chevron technology ventures corporate responsibility creating prosperity corporate responsibility reporting climate change industry-specific reporting people environment investors events & presentations press releases corporate governance stock information stockholder services financial information archives about the chevron way leadership culture operational excellence stories history contact us home media careers chevron stations texaco stations credit cards / bill pay worldwide project portfolio project portfolio Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy. learn more top destinations overview gorgon wheatstone jack/st. malo tengiz expansion big foot mafumeira sul the permian basin you may also be interested in technology worldwide annual report top downloads 2015 chevron annual report close operations operations We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress. learn more top destinations overview exploration & production refining transportation supply & trading products & services lubricants power chemicals & additives you may also be interested in supplier diversity lubricants and fuel additives fuels & stations gift & credit cards top downloads 2015 chevron annual report close technology technology Differentiating our performance through innovation. learn more top destinations overview innovation runs deep managing our assets drilling enhanced oil recovery economics of innovation you may also be interested in chevron technology ventures top downloads 2015 chevron annual report close corporate responsibility corporate responsibility We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public. learn more top destinations overview creating prosperity people environment climate change corporate responsibility reporting industry-specific reporting you may also be interested in CR case studies diversity and inclusion our approach IPIECA/API/OGP index human rights community map top downloads 2015 corporate responsibility report close investors investors Producing strong results by empowering people. learn more top destinations overview events & presentations press releases corporate governance stockholder services stock information financial information archives you may also be interested in dividend information SEC Filings annual report proxy online sign up investor Q&A top downloads 2015 chevron annual report close about chevron about chevron We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future. learn more top destinations overview the chevron way operational excellence leadership culture history stories you may also be interested in worldwide diversity & inclusion careers media contact us top downloads the chevron way close toggle search search close chevron technology ventures integrating technology to the core what we do Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) champions the innovation, commercialization and integration of emerging technologies into Chevron. We pursue innovative business solutions and externally developed technologies that have the potential to improve Chevron’s base business operations and champion their deployment and adoption into Chevron. a conduit for early adoption of emerging technology Chevron is integrating emerging technologies into our business and CTV helps make that happen. We identify technology advances that could strengthen our core operations and lead Chevron to new opportunities for growth. Through our technology teams and venture capital group, we scan the globe for technologies that can yield strategic and financial value. We also look for pioneering startup companies whose technologies could enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers energy. CTV can invest in companies at any phase in the development cycle, from providing early-stage seed investment to offering capital for full-scale commercialization. Some technologies may be studied, and then shelved for future consideration. We focus our search for innovation on six dominant technology streams: Water Management Production Enhancement Emerging Materials Power Systems Information Technology Subsurface & Base Business investmentportfolio investment portfolio Since 1999, Chevron Venture Capital has supported a wide range of companies and venture capital funds. Partner technologies are used across our upstream and downstream businesses, producing substantial earnings for the company. advanced materials Microfabrica is the industry leader in manufacturing of micrometer- and millimeter-scale metal components, subsystems, and devices with features measured in microns. The company breakthrough proprietary EFAB technology can create complex three-dimensional micron-precision metal structures with unprecedented flexibility. visit microfabrica site Modumetal, Inc. specializes in nanolaminated materials. These materials exhibit improved performance for structural, corrosion, and high-temperature applications. Modumetal is made by a sustainable electrochemical manufacturing approach, which reduces the cost and raw material consumption of conventional metals manufacturing. Oxane is commercializing advanced ceramic proppants, which augment oil and gas production (rate and total recovery) and reduce the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing. Oxane’s proppants travel deeper into oil and gas formations than conventional proppants and afford a highly conductive channel for oil and gas to flow to the wellbore. Sample6 Technologies’ platform allows for the rapid engineering of bioparticles that cause bacteria to effectively “light up” when a specific bacterium is identified. The platform can be applied to a narrow set of bacterial strains or a panel of bacterial species, and can be used both for detection and antimicrobial applications. visit sample6 technologies site Soane Energy is a specialty materials company that is developing and applying innovative chemistry based on polymers and surface science to help meet the worldwide “hunger for energy” in a practical, immediate, and environmentally responsible way. The company’s initial focus is on the oil sands market in Canada. visit soane energy site Sub-One Technology has developed a revolutionary new nanotechnology – and a family of systems – for depositing super-hard, smooth, pure films on the internal surfaces many different products. These products can range from large-diameter industrial piping to small, complex metal and plastic components. visit sub-one technology site communications/networking Apprion’s comprehensive industrial wireless application provides an open, scalable, and secure platform to monitor and manage multi-vendor wireless devices and applications. Their ION system is designed to help plant managers, engineers, and IT teams build systems that can provide the critical information necessary to ensure an industrial facility is running optimally. visit the apprion site emerging/alternative energy Acumentrics’s solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is designed to be fuel-flexible and to operate at high temperatures to maximize efficiencies. Unlike many other types of fuel cells, SOFC’s require a negligible amount of precious metals and instead can be made out of ceramics. Besides SOFC’s, Acumentrics is an industry leader in selling rugged, uninterruptible power supplies for military, transportation and industrial applications. visit acumentrics site Ensyn is a producer of renewable liquid fuels and renewable chemical products from wood residues. Rapid Thermal Processing, or RTP, converts residual biomass from the forest and agricultural sectors, as well as cellulosic-based, post-consumer wastes, to high yields of light liquids. visit the ensyn site Inventys is the developer of energy and capital-efficient technology for capturing carbon dioxide from industrial flue gas streams. Inventys’ proprietary VeloxoTherm™ process is less than one-third the cost of existing post-combustion carbon dioxide capture technologies and will enable the widespread adoption of enhanced oil recovery and carbon sequestration. visit inventys site information technology Maana is pioneering new search technology for big data to drive improvements in productivity, efficiency, safety and security in core-asset operations. Maana search is a single, industry-agnostic, end-to-end platform that mines raw data of any type from any source, creates actionable information from that data and operationalizes the information across existing line-of-business applications to enable data-driven decisions. visit maana site Moblize provides “Ready to Analyze” data from exploration to production compliant with new E&P standards to aide your decision making. Moblize’s data quality solution coupled with its “Factory drilling” analytics (used to manage wells by exception) ensures actionable information is available to decision-makers anytime, anywhere. visit moblize site NSS Labs helps clients achieve a forward-looking perspective on IT security and manage cyber risk more effectively. With NSS Research, enterprises can make rapid business decisions about competing vendors, products and technologies. NSS Labs’ unique perspective and expertise are based on more than 2 million work-hours of real-world security product testing and provide crucial visibility into future market and technology trends. visit NSS labs site Panzura delivers innovative products that take an application-centric rather than a network-centric approach to storage, termed Application Network Storage. By combining application logic with storage technology, Panzura is able to provide solutions that are faster, cheaper and more secure than traditional approaches to Tier 1 Storage. This architecture allows enterprises to save costs, significantly increase performance and secure mission-critical data via public or private cloud environments. visit panzura site Veros Systems is a company that is commercializing a new type of enterprise software to improve the reliability of assets powered by electric motors. The Veros technology will enable operators to monitor the health of assets and make key decisions regarding “just in time” service scheduling. oil & gas Arisdyne specializes in designing small footprint devices that utilize controlled hydrodynamic cavitation. Controlled flow cavitation generates energy in the form of a shockwave creating a highly efficient and elegant way to reduce particle size, disrupt cell structures, and disperses agglomerates. Arisdyne applies this technology to increase yield for ethanol production, reduce catalyst consumption for biodiesel production, and change viscosity of heavy crude oil. visit arisdyne site DeepFlex develops and manufactures a new generation of lightweight, flexible composite pipe for the deepwater applications in the oil and gas industry. The DeepFlex Flexible Fiber Reinforced Pipe can be made in continuous lengths and avoids many of the typical pipe manufacturing issues because of the inherent nature of the materials. visit deepflex site Foro Energy is commercializing high-power lasers for the oil, natural gas, geothermal and mining industries. Their hardware platform transmits high-power lasers over long distance using fiber optic cables to drill, complete and workover wells. visit foro energy site Halfwave is a company that develops piping inspection tools using Acoustic Resonance Technology, an ultra-wide band acoustic technology utilizing acoustic half-wave resonances. The non-contact measurement technology offers deep penetration of coatings, high resolution, and high speed. MezurX has developed a new generation of real-time flow and mud monitoring systems. By providing processed information from advanced sensors, a new level of assistance can be offered to the drilling crew to help better manage Non Productive Time events while drilling. MicroSeismic, Inc. has proprietary technologies which enable passive surface-based microseismic monitoring and imaging for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. Passive seismic makes use of existing, often naturally occurring, sound sources, rather than dynamite or vibrators. Passive seismic can go where conventional seismic cannot and sees not only the structure in 3-D but also detects fluid movement, fracturing and fault movement. visit microseismic site OsComp Holdings develops and leverages technology to deliver natural gas faster, safer and cheaper than their competition. The focus for OsComp Holdings is drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations and stationary industrial operations. OsComp Systems has developed a unique multiphase compression technology that reduces initial and ongoing operating costs for natural gas producers through an efficient and cost-effective compressor package solution. OsComp’s technology reduces compression costs and economically enhances hydrocarbon production and also has future applications in compressed natural gas-refueling, pipeline stations, offshore platforms and compressed-air energy storage. PanGeo Subsea delivers high resolution subsea imaging solutions using 3-D and 4-D acoustic technology; these technologies are utilized primarily to characterize the area beneath the seafloor prior to construction of offshore infrastructure or pipelines. visit pangeo subsea site Production Science’s core technology is based on decoding the signal of a reflected electromagnetic pulse with a passive sensor element that allows high-bandwidth communications with no active electronics at the sensor location. Seikowave has developed a new 3-D imaging solution using structured light which brings a cost-effective, rapid visualization system to market using developments in optics and processing algorithms. Instead of scanning one point at a time, structured light scans multiple points or the entire field of view at once. The technology is used for the non-destructive evaluation of anomalies (e.g., corrosion, gouges, dents, etc.) commonly found in pipelines, tanks, pressure vessels, and other structures. visit seikowave site Silixa has developed the next generation of distributed fiber optic sensing with applications in the energy and security industries. visit silixa site Ziebel has developed a unique conveyance system based upon metal-encased fiber optics for measurement combined with carbon-fiber sheathing for strength and reduced weight. The Ziebel intervention technology can be used for continuous well-integrity monitoring, waste water disposal monitoring, detecting casing and packer failures, detecting water incursion, and perforation performance. Zi-Lift Ltd. is developing innovative downhole pumps for the oil and gas production industry based on Permanent Magnet Motors coupled with the latest pumping and monitoring technology, which will deliver smaller size and higher efficiency than competitive technologies. limited partner funds visit ampersand ventures site APV Technology Partners is a private venture capital firm emphasizing early stage investments in privately held information technology companies. Arch Ventures Partners is a premier provider of seed and early stage venture capital for technology firms. visit arch ventures partners site CMEA Ventures specializes in life sciences and information technology investments. visit CMEA ventures site Element Partners is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with additional offices in Menlo Park, California. Founded in 2006, the company invests in products, services and technologies in the energy and power, water, environmental, materials and chemicals, and manufacturing and industrial sectors. visit element partners site EnerTech Capital is based in Wayne, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1996, EnerTech Capital is a private equity firm that invests exclusively in service and technology companies emerging from, and capitalizing on, the reshaping of the energy, utility and telecommunications markets. visit enertech capital site Nth Power is based in San Francisco, California. Nth Power is a leading venture capital firm dedicated exclusively to high-potential investments resulting from the restructuring of the global energy industry. visit Nth power site Oxford Biosciences provides equity financing and management assistance to emerging, entrepreneurial-driven companies within the life sciences and healthcare sectors. visit oxford biosciences site RockPort Capital Partners is located in Boston, Massachusetts. RockPort Capital Partners is dedicated to investing in and supporting the most promising entrepreneurs and technologies in the energy and power, advanced materials, and process and prevention sectors. visit rockport capital partners site Vanguard Ventures is a leading early-stage venture capital firm that helps entrepreneurs build pioneering technology and life science companies. selected exits Here is a partial list of Chevron Venture Capital investments in firms which were acquired by other companies or had successful public offerings: 2TD Apprion Artificial Muscle Axonn Bitzer Mobile BlueArc Codexis Cubility Digital Angel Downhole Injection Systems Ember Frictionless Commerce Illumina IronPort Systems LS9 MetaCarta Network International Nimbus Openspirit Path Scale Reality Mobile Solazyme SpectraSensors Spotfire Stingray Tacit Networks Teros (FKA Stratum8) Trade Ranger Tubel Technologies Vigilance Xenogen investmentareasofinterest investment areas of interest Chevron Venture Capital searches for technologies that will enable Chevron to operate more efficiently, expand operations, or launch viable new businesses. We seek investment opportunities in these areas: Oil and gas Fuel processing, hydrocarbon processing, separation, catalysis, advanced exploration, downhole processing and communications, deepwater production and development, heavy oil upgrading, sensors, improved production, fuel additives and lubricants, automated production operations, processing facilities and infrastructure, water management and enhanced oil recovery. Emerging/alternative energy Biofuels, energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies including solar, wind and wave/current. Advanced materials Nanotechnologies, advanced ceramics and polymers, specialty chemicals and coatings. Communications and networking Wireless communications and advanced networking infrastructure to support industrial and remote operations. Information technologies Hardware and software innovations. contact us Chevron Technology Ventures Two Allen Center 1200 Smith Street, 30 th  Floor Houston, TX 77002 email: techventures@chevron.com energy is at the heart of everything we do Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth. top destinations Investors Media Careers Worldwide Contact connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn © 2001 – 2016 Chevron Corporation. All rights reserved. site map terms of use privacy
chevron technology ventures integrating technology to the core what we do Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) champions the innovation, commercialization and integration of emerging technologies into Chevron. We pursue innovative business solutions and externally developed technologies that have the potential to improve Chevron’s base business operations and champion their deployment and adoption into Chevron. a conduit for early adoption of emerging technology Chevron is integrating emerging technologies into our business and CTV helps make that happen. We identify technology advances that could strengthen our core operations and lead Chevron to new opportunities for growth. Through our technology teams and venture capital group, we scan the globe for technologies that can yield strategic and financial value. We also look for pioneering startup companies whose technologies could enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers energy. CTV can invest in companies at any phase in the development cycle, from providing early-stage seed investment to offering capital for full-scale commercialization. Some technologies may be studied, and then shelved for future consideration. We focus our search for innovation on six dominant technology streams: Water Management Production Enhancement Emerging Materials Power Systems Information Technology Subsurface & Base Business investmentportfolio,  investment portfolio Since 1999, Chevron Venture Capital has supported a wide range of companies and venture capital funds. Partner technologies are used across our upstream and downstream businesses, producing substantial earnings for the company. advanced materials Microfabrica is the industry leader in manufacturing of micrometer- and millimeter-scale metal components, subsystems, and devices with features measured in microns. The company breakthrough proprietary EFAB technology can create complex three-dimensional micron-precision metal structures with unprecedented flexibility. visit microfabrica site Modumetal, Inc. specializes in nanolaminated materials. These materials exhibit improved performance for structural, corrosion, and high-temperature applications. Modumetal is made by a sustainable electrochemical manufacturing approach, which reduces the cost and raw material consumption of conventional metals manufacturing. Oxane is commercializing advanced ceramic proppants, which augment oil and gas production (rate and total recovery) and reduce the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing. Oxane’s proppants travel deeper into oil and gas formations than conventional proppants and afford a highly conductive channel for oil and gas to flow to the wellbore. Sample6 Technologies’ platform allows for the rapid engineering of bioparticles that cause bacteria to effectively “light up” when a specific bacterium is identified. The platform can be applied to a narrow set of bacterial strains or a panel of bacterial species, and can be used both for detection and antimicrobial applications. visit sample6 technologies site Soane Energy is a specialty materials company that is developing and applying innovative chemistry based on polymers and surface science to help meet the worldwide “hunger for energy” in a practical, immediate, and environmentally responsible way. The company’s initial focus is on the oil sands market in Canada. visit soane energy site Sub-One Technology has developed a revolutionary new nanotechnology – and a family of systems – for depositing super-hard, smooth, pure films on the internal surfaces many different products. These products can range from large-diameter industrial piping to small, complex metal and plastic components. visit sub-one technology site communications/networking Apprion’s comprehensive industrial wireless application provides an open, scalable, and secure platform to monitor and manage multi-vendor wireless devices and applications. Their ION system is designed to help plant managers, engineers, and IT teams build systems that can provide the critical information necessary to ensure an industrial facility is running optimally. visit the apprion site emerging/alternative energy Acumentrics’s solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is designed to be fuel-flexible and to operate at high temperatures to maximize efficiencies. Unlike many other types of fuel cells, SOFC’s require a negligible amount of precious metals and instead can be made out of ceramics. Besides SOFC’s, Acumentrics is an industry leader in selling rugged, uninterruptible power supplies for military, transportation and industrial applications. visit acumentrics site Ensyn is a producer of renewable liquid fuels and renewable chemical products from wood residues. Rapid Thermal Processing, or RTP, converts residual biomass from the forest and agricultural sectors, as well as cellulosic-based, post-consumer wastes, to high yields of light liquids. visit the ensyn site Inventys is the developer of energy and capital-efficient technology for capturing carbon dioxide from industrial flue gas streams. Inventys’ proprietary VeloxoTherm™ process is less than one-third the cost of existing post-combustion carbon dioxide capture technologies and will enable the widespread adoption of enhanced oil recovery and carbon sequestration. visit inventys site information technology Maana is pioneering new search technology for big data to drive improvements in productivity, efficiency, safety and security in core-asset operations. Maana search is a single, industry-agnostic, end-to-end platform that mines raw data of any type from any source, creates actionable information from that data and operationalizes the information across existing line-of-business applications to enable data-driven decisions. visit maana site Moblize provides “Ready to Analyze” data from exploration to production compliant with new E&P standards to aide your decision making. Moblize’s data quality solution coupled with its “Factory drilling” analytics (used to manage wells by exception) ensures actionable information is available to decision-makers anytime, anywhere. visit moblize site NSS Labs helps clients achieve a forward-looking perspective on IT security and manage cyber risk more effectively. With NSS Research, enterprises can make rapid business decisions about competing vendors, products and technologies. NSS Labs’ unique perspective and expertise are based on more than 2 million work-hours of real-world security product testing and provide crucial visibility into future market and technology trends. visit NSS labs site Panzura delivers innovative products that take an application-centric rather than a network-centric approach to storage, termed Application Network Storage. By combining application logic with storage technology, Panzura is able to provide solutions that are faster, cheaper and more secure than traditional approaches to Tier 1 Storage. This architecture allows enterprises to save costs, significantly increase performance and secure mission-critical data via public or private cloud environments. visit panzura site Veros Systems is a company that is commercializing a new type of enterprise software to improve the reliability of assets powered by electric motors. The Veros technology will enable operators to monitor the health of assets and make key decisions regarding “just in time” service scheduling. oil & gas Arisdyne specializes in designing small footprint devices that utilize controlled hydrodynamic cavitation. Controlled flow cavitation generates energy in the form of a shockwave creating a highly efficient and elegant way to reduce particle size, disrupt cell structures, and disperses agglomerates. Arisdyne applies this technology to increase yield for ethanol production, reduce catalyst consumption for biodiesel production, and change viscosity of heavy crude oil. visit arisdyne site DeepFlex develops and manufactures a new generation of lightweight, flexible composite pipe for the deepwater applications in the oil and gas industry. The DeepFlex Flexible Fiber Reinforced Pipe can be made in continuous lengths and avoids many of the typical pipe manufacturing issues because of the inherent nature of the materials. visit deepflex site Foro Energy is commercializing high-power lasers for the oil, natural gas, geothermal and mining industries. Their hardware platform transmits high-power lasers over long distance using fiber optic cables to drill, complete and workover wells. visit foro energy site Halfwave is a company that develops piping inspection tools using Acoustic Resonance Technology, an ultra-wide band acoustic technology utilizing acoustic half-wave resonances. The non-contact measurement technology offers deep penetration of coatings, high resolution, and high speed. MezurX has developed a new generation of real-time flow and mud monitoring systems. By providing processed information from advanced sensors, a new level of assistance can be offered to the drilling crew to help better manage Non Productive Time events while drilling. MicroSeismic, Inc. has proprietary technologies which enable passive surface-based microseismic monitoring and imaging for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. Passive seismic makes use of existing, often naturally occurring, sound sources, rather than dynamite or vibrators. Passive seismic can go where conventional seismic cannot and sees not only the structure in 3-D but also detects fluid movement, fracturing and fault movement. visit microseismic site OsComp Holdings develops and leverages technology to deliver natural gas faster, safer and cheaper than their competition. The focus for OsComp Holdings is drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations and stationary industrial operations. OsComp Systems has developed a unique multiphase compression technology that reduces initial and ongoing operating costs for natural gas producers through an efficient and cost-effective compressor package solution. OsComp’s technology reduces compression costs and economically enhances hydrocarbon production and also has future applications in compressed natural gas-refueling, pipeline stations, offshore platforms and compressed-air energy storage. PanGeo Subsea delivers high resolution subsea imaging solutions using 3-D and 4-D acoustic technology; these technologies are utilized primarily to characterize the area beneath the seafloor prior to construction of offshore infrastructure or pipelines. visit pangeo subsea site Production Science’s core technology is based on decoding the signal of a reflected electromagnetic pulse with a passive sensor element that allows high-bandwidth communications with no active electronics at the sensor location. Seikowave has developed a new 3-D imaging solution using structured light which brings a cost-effective, rapid visualization system to market using developments in optics and processing algorithms. Instead of scanning one point at a time, structured light scans multiple points or the entire field of view at once. The technology is used for the non-destructive evaluation of anomalies (e.g., corrosion, gouges, dents, etc.) commonly found in pipelines, tanks, pressure vessels, and other structures. visit seikowave site Silixa has developed the next generation of distributed fiber optic sensing with applications in the energy and security industries. visit silixa site Ziebel has developed a unique conveyance system based upon metal-encased fiber optics for measurement combined with carbon-fiber sheathing for strength and reduced weight. The Ziebel intervention technology can be used for continuous well-integrity monitoring, waste water disposal monitoring, detecting casing and packer failures, detecting water incursion, and perforation performance. Zi-Lift Ltd. is developing innovative downhole pumps for the oil and gas production industry based on Permanent Magnet Motors coupled with the latest pumping and monitoring technology, which will deliver smaller size and higher efficiency than competitive technologies. limited partner funds visit ampersand ventures site APV Technology Partners is a private venture capital firm emphasizing early stage investments in privately held information technology companies. Arch Ventures Partners is a premier provider of seed and early stage venture capital for technology firms. visit arch ventures partners site CMEA Ventures specializes in life sciences and information technology investments. visit CMEA ventures site Element Partners is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with additional offices in Menlo Park, California. Founded in 2006, the company invests in products, services and technologies in the energy and power, water, environmental, materials and chemicals, and manufacturing and industrial sectors. visit element partners site EnerTech Capital is based in Wayne, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1996, EnerTech Capital is a private equity firm that invests exclusively in service and technology companies emerging from, and capitalizing on, the reshaping of the energy, utility and telecommunications markets. visit enertech capital site Nth Power is based in San Francisco, California. Nth Power is a leading venture capital firm dedicated exclusively to high-potential investments resulting from the restructuring of the global energy industry. visit Nth power site Oxford Biosciences provides equity financing and management assistance to emerging, entrepreneurial-driven companies within the life sciences and healthcare sectors. visit oxford biosciences site RockPort Capital Partners is located in Boston, Massachusetts. RockPort Capital Partners is dedicated to investing in and supporting the most promising entrepreneurs and technologies in the energy and power, advanced materials, and process and prevention sectors. visit rockport capital partners site Vanguard Ventures is a leading early-stage venture capital firm that helps entrepreneurs build pioneering technology and life science companies. selected exits Here is a partial list of Chevron Venture Capital investments in firms which were acquired by other companies or had successful public offerings: 2TD Apprion Artificial Muscle Axonn Bitzer Mobile BlueArc Codexis Cubility Digital Angel Downhole Injection Systems Ember Frictionless Commerce Illumina IronPort Systems LS9 MetaCarta Network International Nimbus Openspirit Path Scale Reality Mobile Solazyme SpectraSensors Spotfire Stingray Tacit Networks Teros (FKA Stratum8) Trade Ranger Tubel Technologies Vigilance Xenogen investmentareasofinterest investment areas of interest Chevron Venture Capital searches for technologies that will enable Chevron to operate more efficiently, expand operations, or launch viable new businesses. We seek investment opportunities in these areas: Oil and gas Fuel processing, hydrocarbon processing, separation, catalysis, advanced exploration, downhole processing and communications, deepwater production and development, heavy oil upgrading, sensors, improved production, fuel additives and lubricants, automated production operations, processing facilities and infrastructure, water management and enhanced oil recovery. Emerging/alternative energy Biofuels, energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies including solar, wind and wave/current. Advanced materials Nanotechnologies, advanced ceramics and polymers, specialty chemicals and coatings. Communications and networking Wireless communications and advanced networking infrastructure to support industrial and remote operations. Information technologies Hardware and software innovations. contact us Chevron Technology Ventures Two Allen Center 1200 Smith Street, 30 th  Floor Houston, TX 77002 email: techventures@chevron.com
advanced materials,  Microfabrica is the industry leader in manufacturing of micrometer- and millimeter-scale metal components, subsystems, and devices with features measured in microns. The company breakthrough proprietary EFAB technology can create complex three-dimensional micron-precision metal structures with unprecedented flexibility. visit microfabrica site Modumetal, Inc. specializes in nanolaminated materials. These materials exhibit improved performance for structural, corrosion, and high-temperature applications. Modumetal is made by a sustainable electrochemical manufacturing approach, which reduces the cost and raw material consumption of conventional metals manufacturing. Oxane is commercializing advanced ceramic proppants, which augment oil and gas production (rate and total recovery) and reduce the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing. Oxane’s proppants travel deeper into oil and gas formations than conventional proppants and afford a highly conductive channel for oil and gas to flow to the wellbore. Sample6 Technologies’ platform allows for the rapid engineering of bioparticles that cause bacteria to effectively “light up” when a specific bacterium is identified. The platform can be applied to a narrow set of bacterial strains or a panel of bacterial species, and can be used both for detection and antimicrobial applications. visit sample6 technologies site Soane Energy is a specialty materials company that is developing and applying innovative chemistry based on polymers and surface science to help meet the worldwide “hunger for energy” in a practical, immediate, and environmentally responsible way. The company’s initial focus is on the oil sands market in Canada. visit soane energy site Sub-One Technology has developed a revolutionary new nanotechnology – and a family of systems – for depositing super-hard, smooth, pure films on the internal surfaces many different products. These products can range from large-diameter industrial piping to small, complex metal and plastic components. visit sub-one technology site
Microfabrica is the industry leader in manufacturing of micrometer- and millimeter-scale metal components, subsystems, and devices with features measured in microns. The company breakthrough proprietary EFAB technology can create complex three-dimensional micron-precision metal structures with unprecedented flexibility. visit microfabrica site,  Modumetal, Inc. specializes in nanolaminated materials. These materials exhibit improved performance for structural, corrosion, and high-temperature applications. Modumetal is made by a sustainable electrochemical manufacturing approach, which reduces the cost and raw material consumption of conventional metals manufacturing. Oxane is commercializing advanced ceramic proppants, which augment oil and gas production (rate and total recovery) and reduce the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing. Oxane’s proppants travel deeper into oil and gas formations than conventional proppants and afford a highly conductive channel for oil and gas to flow to the wellbore. Sample6 Technologies’ platform allows for the rapid engineering of bioparticles that cause bacteria to effectively “light up” when a specific bacterium is identified. The platform can be applied to a narrow set of bacterial strains or a panel of bacterial species, and can be used both for detection and antimicrobial applications. visit sample6 technologies site,  Soane Energy is a specialty materials company that is developing and applying innovative chemistry based on polymers and surface science to help meet the worldwide “hunger for energy” in a practical, immediate, and environmentally responsible way. The company’s initial focus is on the oil sands market in Canada. visit soane energy site,  Sub-One Technology has developed a revolutionary new nanotechnology – and a family of systems – for depositing super-hard, smooth, pure films on the internal surfaces many different products. These products can range from large-diameter industrial piping to small, complex metal and plastic components. visit sub-one technology site, 
emerging/alternative energy,  Acumentrics’s solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is designed to be fuel-flexible and to operate at high temperatures to maximize efficiencies. Unlike many other types of fuel cells, SOFC’s require a negligible amount of precious metals and instead can be made out of ceramics. Besides SOFC’s, Acumentrics is an industry leader in selling rugged, uninterruptible power supplies for military, transportation and industrial applications. visit acumentrics site Ensyn is a producer of renewable liquid fuels and renewable chemical products from wood residues. Rapid Thermal Processing, or RTP, converts residual biomass from the forest and agricultural sectors, as well as cellulosic-based, post-consumer wastes, to high yields of light liquids. visit the ensyn site Inventys is the developer of energy and capital-efficient technology for capturing carbon dioxide from industrial flue gas streams. Inventys’ proprietary VeloxoTherm™ process is less than one-third the cost of existing post-combustion carbon dioxide capture technologies and will enable the widespread adoption of enhanced oil recovery and carbon sequestration. visit inventys site
Acumentrics’s solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is designed to be fuel-flexible and to operate at high temperatures to maximize efficiencies. Unlike many other types of fuel cells, SOFC’s require a negligible amount of precious metals and instead can be made out of ceramics. Besides SOFC’s, Acumentrics is an industry leader in selling rugged, uninterruptible power supplies for military, transportation and industrial applications. visit acumentrics site,  Ensyn is a producer of renewable liquid fuels and renewable chemical products from wood residues. Rapid Thermal Processing, or RTP, converts residual biomass from the forest and agricultural sectors, as well as cellulosic-based, post-consumer wastes, to high yields of light liquids. visit the ensyn site,  Inventys is the developer of energy and capital-efficient technology for capturing carbon dioxide from industrial flue gas streams. Inventys’ proprietary VeloxoTherm™ process is less than one-third the cost of existing post-combustion carbon dioxide capture technologies and will enable the widespread adoption of enhanced oil recovery and carbon sequestration. visit inventys site, 
information technology,  Maana is pioneering new search technology for big data to drive improvements in productivity, efficiency, safety and security in core-asset operations. Maana search is a single, industry-agnostic, end-to-end platform that mines raw data of any type from any source, creates actionable information from that data and operationalizes the information across existing line-of-business applications to enable data-driven decisions. visit maana site Moblize provides “Ready to Analyze” data from exploration to production compliant with new E&P standards to aide your decision making. Moblize’s data quality solution coupled with its “Factory drilling” analytics (used to manage wells by exception) ensures actionable information is available to decision-makers anytime, anywhere. visit moblize site NSS Labs helps clients achieve a forward-looking perspective on IT security and manage cyber risk more effectively. With NSS Research, enterprises can make rapid business decisions about competing vendors, products and technologies. NSS Labs’ unique perspective and expertise are based on more than 2 million work-hours of real-world security product testing and provide crucial visibility into future market and technology trends. visit NSS labs site Panzura delivers innovative products that take an application-centric rather than a network-centric approach to storage, termed Application Network Storage. By combining application logic with storage technology, Panzura is able to provide solutions that are faster, cheaper and more secure than traditional approaches to Tier 1 Storage. This architecture allows enterprises to save costs, significantly increase performance and secure mission-critical data via public or private cloud environments. visit panzura site Veros Systems is a company that is commercializing a new type of enterprise software to improve the reliability of assets powered by electric motors. The Veros technology will enable operators to monitor the health of assets and make key decisions regarding “just in time” service scheduling.
Maana is pioneering new search technology for big data to drive improvements in productivity, efficiency, safety and security in core-asset operations. Maana search is a single, industry-agnostic, end-to-end platform that mines raw data of any type from any source, creates actionable information from that data and operationalizes the information across existing line-of-business applications to enable data-driven decisions. visit maana site,  Moblize provides “Ready to Analyze” data from exploration to production compliant with new E&P standards to aide your decision making. Moblize’s data quality solution coupled with its “Factory drilling” analytics (used to manage wells by exception) ensures actionable information is available to decision-makers anytime, anywhere. visit moblize site,  NSS Labs helps clients achieve a forward-looking perspective on IT security and manage cyber risk more effectively. With NSS Research, enterprises can make rapid business decisions about competing vendors, products and technologies. NSS Labs’ unique perspective and expertise are based on more than 2 million work-hours of real-world security product testing and provide crucial visibility into future market and technology trends. visit NSS labs site,  Panzura delivers innovative products that take an application-centric rather than a network-centric approach to storage, termed Application Network Storage. By combining application logic with storage technology, Panzura is able to provide solutions that are faster, cheaper and more secure than traditional approaches to Tier 1 Storage. This architecture allows enterprises to save costs, significantly increase performance and secure mission-critical data via public or private cloud environments. visit panzura site,  Veros Systems is a company that is commercializing a new type of enterprise software to improve the reliability of assets powered by electric motors. The Veros technology will enable operators to monitor the health of assets and make key decisions regarding “just in time” service scheduling.
oil & gas,  Arisdyne specializes in designing small footprint devices that utilize controlled hydrodynamic cavitation. Controlled flow cavitation generates energy in the form of a shockwave creating a highly efficient and elegant way to reduce particle size, disrupt cell structures, and disperses agglomerates. Arisdyne applies this technology to increase yield for ethanol production, reduce catalyst consumption for biodiesel production, and change viscosity of heavy crude oil. visit arisdyne site DeepFlex develops and manufactures a new generation of lightweight, flexible composite pipe for the deepwater applications in the oil and gas industry. The DeepFlex Flexible Fiber Reinforced Pipe can be made in continuous lengths and avoids many of the typical pipe manufacturing issues because of the inherent nature of the materials. visit deepflex site Foro Energy is commercializing high-power lasers for the oil, natural gas, geothermal and mining industries. Their hardware platform transmits high-power lasers over long distance using fiber optic cables to drill, complete and workover wells. visit foro energy site Halfwave is a company that develops piping inspection tools using Acoustic Resonance Technology, an ultra-wide band acoustic technology utilizing acoustic half-wave resonances. The non-contact measurement technology offers deep penetration of coatings, high resolution, and high speed. MezurX has developed a new generation of real-time flow and mud monitoring systems. By providing processed information from advanced sensors, a new level of assistance can be offered to the drilling crew to help better manage Non Productive Time events while drilling. MicroSeismic, Inc. has proprietary technologies which enable passive surface-based microseismic monitoring and imaging for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. Passive seismic makes use of existing, often naturally occurring, sound sources, rather than dynamite or vibrators. Passive seismic can go where conventional seismic cannot and sees not only the structure in 3-D but also detects fluid movement, fracturing and fault movement. visit microseismic site OsComp Holdings develops and leverages technology to deliver natural gas faster, safer and cheaper than their competition. The focus for OsComp Holdings is drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations and stationary industrial operations. OsComp Systems has developed a unique multiphase compression technology that reduces initial and ongoing operating costs for natural gas producers through an efficient and cost-effective compressor package solution. OsComp’s technology reduces compression costs and economically enhances hydrocarbon production and also has future applications in compressed natural gas-refueling, pipeline stations, offshore platforms and compressed-air energy storage. PanGeo Subsea delivers high resolution subsea imaging solutions using 3-D and 4-D acoustic technology; these technologies are utilized primarily to characterize the area beneath the seafloor prior to construction of offshore infrastructure or pipelines. visit pangeo subsea site Production Science’s core technology is based on decoding the signal of a reflected electromagnetic pulse with a passive sensor element that allows high-bandwidth communications with no active electronics at the sensor location. Seikowave has developed a new 3-D imaging solution using structured light which brings a cost-effective, rapid visualization system to market using developments in optics and processing algorithms. Instead of scanning one point at a time, structured light scans multiple points or the entire field of view at once. The technology is used for the non-destructive evaluation of anomalies (e.g., corrosion, gouges, dents, etc.) commonly found in pipelines, tanks, pressure vessels, and other structures. visit seikowave site Silixa has developed the next generation of distributed fiber optic sensing with applications in the energy and security industries. visit silixa site Ziebel has developed a unique conveyance system based upon metal-encased fiber optics for measurement combined with carbon-fiber sheathing for strength and reduced weight. The Ziebel intervention technology can be used for continuous well-integrity monitoring, waste water disposal monitoring, detecting casing and packer failures, detecting water incursion, and perforation performance. Zi-Lift Ltd. is developing innovative downhole pumps for the oil and gas production industry based on Permanent Magnet Motors coupled with the latest pumping and monitoring technology, which will deliver smaller size and higher efficiency than competitive technologies.
Arisdyne specializes in designing small footprint devices that utilize controlled hydrodynamic cavitation. Controlled flow cavitation generates energy in the form of a shockwave creating a highly efficient and elegant way to reduce particle size, disrupt cell structures, and disperses agglomerates. Arisdyne applies this technology to increase yield for ethanol production, reduce catalyst consumption for biodiesel production, and change viscosity of heavy crude oil. visit arisdyne site,  DeepFlex develops and manufactures a new generation of lightweight, flexible composite pipe for the deepwater applications in the oil and gas industry. The DeepFlex Flexible Fiber Reinforced Pipe can be made in continuous lengths and avoids many of the typical pipe manufacturing issues because of the inherent nature of the materials. visit deepflex site,  Foro Energy is commercializing high-power lasers for the oil, natural gas, geothermal and mining industries. Their hardware platform transmits high-power lasers over long distance using fiber optic cables to drill, complete and workover wells. visit foro energy site,  Halfwave is a company that develops piping inspection tools using Acoustic Resonance Technology, an ultra-wide band acoustic technology utilizing acoustic half-wave resonances. The non-contact measurement technology offers deep penetration of coatings, high resolution, and high speed. MezurX has developed a new generation of real-time flow and mud monitoring systems. By providing processed information from advanced sensors, a new level of assistance can be offered to the drilling crew to help better manage Non Productive Time events while drilling. MicroSeismic, Inc. has proprietary technologies which enable passive surface-based microseismic monitoring and imaging for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. Passive seismic makes use of existing, often naturally occurring, sound sources, rather than dynamite or vibrators. Passive seismic can go where conventional seismic cannot and sees not only the structure in 3-D but also detects fluid movement, fracturing and fault movement. visit microseismic site,  OsComp Holdings develops and leverages technology to deliver natural gas faster, safer and cheaper than their competition. The focus for OsComp Holdings is drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations and stationary industrial operations. OsComp Systems has developed a unique multiphase compression technology that reduces initial and ongoing operating costs for natural gas producers through an efficient and cost-effective compressor package solution. OsComp’s technology reduces compression costs and economically enhances hydrocarbon production and also has future applications in compressed natural gas-refueling, pipeline stations, offshore platforms and compressed-air energy storage. PanGeo Subsea delivers high resolution subsea imaging solutions using 3-D and 4-D acoustic technology; these technologies are utilized primarily to characterize the area beneath the seafloor prior to construction of offshore infrastructure or pipelines. visit pangeo subsea site,  Production Science’s core technology is based on decoding the signal of a reflected electromagnetic pulse with a passive sensor element that allows high-bandwidth communications with no active electronics at the sensor location. Seikowave has developed a new 3-D imaging solution using structured light which brings a cost-effective, rapid visualization system to market using developments in optics and processing algorithms. Instead of scanning one point at a time, structured light scans multiple points or the entire field of view at once. The technology is used for the non-destructive evaluation of anomalies (e.g., corrosion, gouges, dents, etc.) commonly found in pipelines, tanks, pressure vessels, and other structures. visit seikowave site,  Silixa has developed the next generation of distributed fiber optic sensing with applications in the energy and security industries. visit silixa site,  Ziebel has developed a unique conveyance system based upon metal-encased fiber optics for measurement combined with carbon-fiber sheathing for strength and reduced weight. The Ziebel intervention technology can be used for continuous well-integrity monitoring, waste water disposal monitoring, detecting casing and packer failures, detecting water incursion, and perforation performance. Zi-Lift Ltd. is developing innovative downhole pumps for the oil and gas production industry based on Permanent Magnet Motors coupled with the latest pumping and monitoring technology, which will deliver smaller size and higher efficiency than competitive technologies.
selected exits,  Here is a partial list of Chevron Venture Capital investments in firms which were acquired by other companies or had successful public offerings: 2TD Apprion Artificial Muscle Axonn Bitzer Mobile BlueArc Codexis Cubility Digital Angel Downhole Injection Systems Ember Frictionless Commerce Illumina IronPort Systems LS9 MetaCarta Network International Nimbus Openspirit Path Scale Reality Mobile Solazyme SpectraSensors Spotfire Stingray Tacit Networks Teros (FKA Stratum8) Trade Ranger Tubel Technologies Vigilance Xenogen
chevron technology ventures integrating technology to the core what we do Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) champions the innovation, commercialization and integration of emerging technologies into Chevron. We pursue innovative business solutions and externally developed technologies that have the potential to improve Chevron’s base business operations and champion their deployment and adoption into Chevron. a conduit for early adoption of emerging technology Chevron is integrating emerging technologies into our business and CTV helps make that happen. We identify technology advances that could strengthen our core operations and lead Chevron to new opportunities for growth. Through our technology teams and venture capital group, we scan the globe for technologies that can yield strategic and financial value. We also look for pioneering startup companies whose technologies could enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers energy. CTV can invest in companies at any phase in the development cycle, from providing early-stage seed investment to offering capital for full-scale commercialization. Some technologies may be studied, and then shelved for future consideration. We focus our search for innovation on six dominant technology streams: Water Management Production Enhancement Emerging Materials Power Systems Information Technology Subsurface & Base Business investmentportfolio investment portfolio Since 1999, Chevron Venture Capital has supported a wide range of companies and venture capital funds. Partner technologies are used across our upstream and downstream businesses, producing substantial earnings for the company. advanced materials Microfabrica is the industry leader in manufacturing of micrometer- and millimeter-scale metal components, subsystems, and devices with features measured in microns. The company breakthrough proprietary EFAB technology can create complex three-dimensional micron-precision metal structures with unprecedented flexibility. visit microfabrica site Modumetal, Inc. specializes in nanolaminated materials. These materials exhibit improved performance for structural, corrosion, and high-temperature applications. Modumetal is made by a sustainable electrochemical manufacturing approach, which reduces the cost and raw material consumption of conventional metals manufacturing. Oxane is commercializing advanced ceramic proppants, which augment oil and gas production (rate and total recovery) and reduce the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing. Oxane’s proppants travel deeper into oil and gas formations than conventional proppants and afford a highly conductive channel for oil and gas to flow to the wellbore. Sample6 Technologies’ platform allows for the rapid engineering of bioparticles that cause bacteria to effectively “light up” when a specific bacterium is identified. The platform can be applied to a narrow set of bacterial strains or a panel of bacterial species, and can be used both for detection and antimicrobial applications. visit sample6 technologies site Soane Energy is a specialty materials company that is developing and applying innovative chemistry based on polymers and surface science to help meet the worldwide “hunger for energy” in a practical, immediate, and environmentally responsible way. The company’s initial focus is on the oil sands market in Canada. visit soane energy site Sub-One Technology has developed a revolutionary new nanotechnology – and a family of systems – for depositing super-hard, smooth, pure films on the internal surfaces many different products. These products can range from large-diameter industrial piping to small, complex metal and plastic components. visit sub-one technology site communications/networking Apprion’s comprehensive industrial wireless application provides an open, scalable, and secure platform to monitor and manage multi-vendor wireless devices and applications. Their ION system is designed to help plant managers, engineers, and IT teams build systems that can provide the critical information necessary to ensure an industrial facility is running optimally. visit the apprion site emerging/alternative energy Acumentrics’s solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is designed to be fuel-flexible and to operate at high temperatures to maximize efficiencies. Unlike many other types of fuel cells, SOFC’s require a negligible amount of precious metals and instead can be made out of ceramics. Besides SOFC’s, Acumentrics is an industry leader in selling rugged, uninterruptible power supplies for military, transportation and industrial applications. visit acumentrics site Ensyn is a producer of renewable liquid fuels and renewable chemical products from wood residues. Rapid Thermal Processing, or RTP, converts residual biomass from the forest and agricultural sectors, as well as cellulosic-based, post-consumer wastes, to high yields of light liquids. visit the ensyn site Inventys is the developer of energy and capital-efficient technology for capturing carbon dioxide from industrial flue gas streams. Inventys’ proprietary VeloxoTherm™ process is less than one-third the cost of existing post-combustion carbon dioxide capture technologies and will enable the widespread adoption of enhanced oil recovery and carbon sequestration. visit inventys site information technology Maana is pioneering new search technology for big data to drive improvements in productivity, efficiency, safety and security in core-asset operations. Maana search is a single, industry-agnostic, end-to-end platform that mines raw data of any type from any source, creates actionable information from that data and operationalizes the information across existing line-of-business applications to enable data-driven decisions. visit maana site Moblize provides “Ready to Analyze” data from exploration to production compliant with new E&P standards to aide your decision making. Moblize’s data quality solution coupled with its “Factory drilling” analytics (used to manage wells by exception) ensures actionable information is available to decision-makers anytime, anywhere. visit moblize site NSS Labs helps clients achieve a forward-looking perspective on IT security and manage cyber risk more effectively. With NSS Research, enterprises can make rapid business decisions about competing vendors, products and technologies. NSS Labs’ unique perspective and expertise are based on more than 2 million work-hours of real-world security product testing and provide crucial visibility into future market and technology trends. visit NSS labs site Panzura delivers innovative products that take an application-centric rather than a network-centric approach to storage, termed Application Network Storage. By combining application logic with storage technology, Panzura is able to provide solutions that are faster, cheaper and more secure than traditional approaches to Tier 1 Storage. This architecture allows enterprises to save costs, significantly increase performance and secure mission-critical data via public or private cloud environments. visit panzura site Veros Systems is a company that is commercializing a new type of enterprise software to improve the reliability of assets powered by electric motors. The Veros technology will enable operators to monitor the health of assets and make key decisions regarding “just in time” service scheduling. oil & gas Arisdyne specializes in designing small footprint devices that utilize controlled hydrodynamic cavitation. Controlled flow cavitation generates energy in the form of a shockwave creating a highly efficient and elegant way to reduce particle size, disrupt cell structures, and disperses agglomerates. Arisdyne applies this technology to increase yield for ethanol production, reduce catalyst consumption for biodiesel production, and change viscosity of heavy crude oil. visit arisdyne site DeepFlex develops and manufactures a new generation of lightweight, flexible composite pipe for the deepwater applications in the oil and gas industry. The DeepFlex Flexible Fiber Reinforced Pipe can be made in continuous lengths and avoids many of the typical pipe manufacturing issues because of the inherent nature of the materials. visit deepflex site Foro Energy is commercializing high-power lasers for the oil, natural gas, geothermal and mining industries. Their hardware platform transmits high-power lasers over long distance using fiber optic cables to drill, complete and workover wells. visit foro energy site Halfwave is a company that develops piping inspection tools using Acoustic Resonance Technology, an ultra-wide band acoustic technology utilizing acoustic half-wave resonances. The non-contact measurement technology offers deep penetration of coatings, high resolution, and high speed. MezurX has developed a new generation of real-time flow and mud monitoring systems. By providing processed information from advanced sensors, a new level of assistance can be offered to the drilling crew to help better manage Non Productive Time events while drilling. MicroSeismic, Inc. has proprietary technologies which enable passive surface-based microseismic monitoring and imaging for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. Passive seismic makes use of existing, often naturally occurring, sound sources, rather than dynamite or vibrators. Passive seismic can go where conventional seismic cannot and sees not only the structure in 3-D but also detects fluid movement, fracturing and fault movement. visit microseismic site OsComp Holdings develops and leverages technology to deliver natural gas faster, safer and cheaper than their competition. The focus for OsComp Holdings is drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations and stationary industrial operations. OsComp Systems has developed a unique multiphase compression technology that reduces initial and ongoing operating costs for natural gas producers through an efficient and cost-effective compressor package solution. OsComp’s technology reduces compression costs and economically enhances hydrocarbon production and also has future applications in compressed natural gas-refueling, pipeline stations, offshore platforms and compressed-air energy storage. PanGeo Subsea delivers high resolution subsea imaging solutions using 3-D and 4-D acoustic technology; these technologies are utilized primarily to characterize the area beneath the seafloor prior to construction of offshore infrastructure or pipelines. visit pangeo subsea site Production Science’s core technology is based on decoding the signal of a reflected electromagnetic pulse with a passive sensor element that allows high-bandwidth communications with no active electronics at the sensor location. Seikowave has developed a new 3-D imaging solution using structured light which brings a cost-effective, rapid visualization system to market using developments in optics and processing algorithms. Instead of scanning one point at a time, structured light scans multiple points or the entire field of view at once. The technology is used for the non-destructive evaluation of anomalies (e.g., corrosion, gouges, dents, etc.) commonly found in pipelines, tanks, pressure vessels, and other structures. visit seikowave site Silixa has developed the next generation of distributed fiber optic sensing with applications in the energy and security industries. visit silixa site Ziebel has developed a unique conveyance system based upon metal-encased fiber optics for measurement combined with carbon-fiber sheathing for strength and reduced weight. The Ziebel intervention technology can be used for continuous well-integrity monitoring, waste water disposal monitoring, detecting casing and packer failures, detecting water incursion, and perforation performance. Zi-Lift Ltd. is developing innovative downhole pumps for the oil and gas production industry based on Permanent Magnet Motors coupled with the latest pumping and monitoring technology, which will deliver smaller size and higher efficiency than competitive technologies. limited partner funds visit ampersand ventures site APV Technology Partners is a private venture capital firm emphasizing early stage investments in privately held information technology companies. Arch Ventures Partners is a premier provider of seed and early stage venture capital for technology firms. visit arch ventures partners site CMEA Ventures specializes in life sciences and information technology investments. visit CMEA ventures site Element Partners is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with additional offices in Menlo Park, California. Founded in 2006, the company invests in products, services and technologies in the energy and power, water, environmental, materials and chemicals, and manufacturing and industrial sectors. visit element partners site EnerTech Capital is based in Wayne, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1996, EnerTech Capital is a private equity firm that invests exclusively in service and technology companies emerging from, and capitalizing on, the reshaping of the energy, utility and telecommunications markets. visit enertech capital site Nth Power is based in San Francisco, California. Nth Power is a leading venture capital firm dedicated exclusively to high-potential investments resulting from the restructuring of the global energy industry. visit Nth power site Oxford Biosciences provides equity financing and management assistance to emerging, entrepreneurial-driven companies within the life sciences and healthcare sectors. visit oxford biosciences site RockPort Capital Partners is located in Boston, Massachusetts. RockPort Capital Partners is dedicated to investing in and supporting the most promising entrepreneurs and technologies in the energy and power, advanced materials, and process and prevention sectors. visit rockport capital partners site Vanguard Ventures is a leading early-stage venture capital firm that helps entrepreneurs build pioneering technology and life science companies. selected exits Here is a partial list of Chevron Venture Capital investments in firms which were acquired by other companies or had successful public offerings: 2TD Apprion Artificial Muscle Axonn Bitzer Mobile BlueArc Codexis Cubility Digital Angel Downhole Injection Systems Ember Frictionless Commerce Illumina IronPort Systems LS9 MetaCarta Network International Nimbus Openspirit Path Scale Reality Mobile Solazyme SpectraSensors Spotfire Stingray Tacit Networks Teros (FKA Stratum8) Trade Ranger Tubel Technologies Vigilance Xenogen investmentareasofinterest,  investment areas of interest Chevron Venture Capital searches for technologies that will enable Chevron to operate more efficiently, expand operations, or launch viable new businesses. We seek investment opportunities in these areas: Oil and gas Fuel processing, hydrocarbon processing, separation, catalysis, advanced exploration, downhole processing and communications, deepwater production and development, heavy oil upgrading, sensors, improved production, fuel additives and lubricants, automated production operations, processing facilities and infrastructure, water management and enhanced oil recovery. Emerging/alternative energy Biofuels, energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies including solar, wind and wave/current. Advanced materials Nanotechnologies, advanced ceramics and polymers, specialty chemicals and coatings. Communications and networking Wireless communications and advanced networking infrastructure to support industrial and remote operations. Information technologies Hardware and software innovations. contact us Chevron Technology Ventures Two Allen Center 1200 Smith Street, 30 th  Floor Houston, TX 77002 email: techventures@chevron.com
contact us Chevron Technology Ventures,  Two Allen Center 1200 Smith,  Street, 30 th,   , Floor Houston, TX 77002 email: techventures@chevron.com, 
Facebook,  Twitter,  YouTube,  LinkedIn, 
http://www.chevron.com/ctv/ctvi/investmentteam/#