Company Leadership – United Continental Holdings, Inc.


Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Oscar Munoz
Oscar Munoz
President and Chief Executive Officer, United Airlines
Oscar Munoz is president and chief executive officer of United Airlines. He brings to this position deep and broad experience in both the transportation industry and large consumer brands.
Previously, Oscar served as president and chief operating officer of CSX Corporation, a premier freight transportation company. He also served as a director at CSX. During his tenure, CSX transformed itself into an industry leader in customer focus, reliability and financial performance. CSX was named one of Institutional Investor’s Most Honored Companies for a decade of excellent financial performance, including increasing its operating income by nearly 600%.
Additionally, Oscar served in various financial and strategic capacities at some of the world’s most recognized consumer brands, including AT&T, Coca-Cola Enterprises, and PepsiCo. Before joining CSX, Oscar held the position of chief financial officer and vice president of consumer services at AT&T Corporation. Prior to joining AT&T, he served as senior vice president of finance and administration for U.S. West, regional vice president of finance and administration for Coca-Cola Enterprises and held various financial positions at PepsiCo.
Oscar has served on the board of directors for United Continental Holdings, Inc. since 2010 and served on the board of directors of Continental Airlines, Inc. since 2004. He is active in several industry coalitions and philanthropic and educational organizations including the University of North Florida’s Board of Trustees and the PAFA advisory board of Vanderbilt University.
Michael (Mike) P. Bonds
Michael (Mike) P. Bonds
Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Labor Relations
Mike Bonds is executive vice president of human resources and labor relations for United. In this role, Mike leads the human resources and labor relations departments and is responsible for benefits, staffing, corporate training, compensation, labor and all aspects of human resources issues relating to technical operation, inflight, flight operations, information systems, diversity, employee assistance programs, reservations, field services and international human resources. Additionally, Mike oversees the airline’s worldwide corporate communications, including public relations, employee communications and creative services.
Mike previously served as senior vice president of human resources and labor relations for Continental Airlines from 2005 to 2010.
Prior to the merger with United, Mike held various leadership positions within Continental, including vice president of human resources, vice president of corporate development and vice president and controller. Before joining Continental in 1995, Mike was manager of corporate accounting for American Airlines, where he was responsible for general accounting and financial reporting.
Prior to this position, Mike served in the audit department of Ernst & Young’s Tulsa, Okla., and London offices for seven years, providing services to large multinational companies.
Mike serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys & Girls Club of Chicago, Lurie Children’s Hospital and Skills for Chicagoland’s Future. Mike graduated with a bachelor of science business administration degree from the University of Arkansas. He is married and has two children.
James (Jim) Compton
James (Jim) Compton
Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, United
Jim Compton is vice chairman and chief revenue officer for United. In this role, Jim is responsible for overseeing the company’s sales, alliances, network pricing and revenue management, and network planning. He is also responsible for the marketing functions, which include brand, product, ecommerce, distribution, merchandizing, loyalty, and Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC, which operates the loyalty program, credit card business, media sales and external partnerships related to the loyalty program currency. Additionally, Jim oversees customer service functions, including customer experience, contact centers and food services.
Prior to this appointment, Jim was executive vice president and chief revenue officer for United. Previously, Jim served as executive vice president and chief marketing officer for Continental Airlines. Since joining Continental in 1995, Jim held leadership roles including senior vice president of marketing and senior director of pricing. As senior vice president of marketing, Jim was instrumental in launching EliteAccess, Continental’s priority service for its most valuable customers.
Before joining Continental, Jim worked at United Parcel Service of America from 1993 to 1995, where he was responsible for system development and business planning, as well as rates for the company’s $15-billion domestic and air package delivery business. Prior to that, Jim served as manager of forecasting and revenue analysis for United Airlines from 1984 to 1993.
Jim received a bachelor of science and a master’s degree in economics from the University of Illinois – Chicago. He is married and has two children.
Jim serves on the board of directors of the Lincoln Park Zoo and the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Brett J. Hart
Brett J. Hart
Executive Vice President and General Counsel United Airlines
Brett J. Hart is executive vice president and general counsel for United. In this role, Brett is responsible for managing the company’s legal and environmental affairs, corporate security, corporate real estate worldwide, government affairs, community affairs, and international, regulatory and policy matters for the airline, reporting directly to President and CEO Oscar Munoz.
Prior to joining United in 2010, Brett was executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary at Sara Lee Corporation, where he directed global legal operations for the corporation. After joining Sara Lee in 2004 as assistant general counsel, Brett held positions of increasing responsibility including deputy general counsel and global compliance officer.
Prior to Sara Lee, Brett was a partner at Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal in Chicago. Before that, he served as special assistant to the general counsel at the U.S. Department of Treasury in Washington, D.C.
Brett received his bachelor of arts degree in philosophy and English from the University of Michigan and a juris doctorate degree from the University of Chicago Law School. He is married and has three sons.
Gregory (Greg) Hart
Gregory (Greg) Hart
Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer
Greg Hart is executive vice president and chief operations officer for United. In this role, Greg is responsible for all airport operations, technical operations, inflight operations, flight operations and network operations, as well as cargo, safety and United Express.
Previously, Greg was senior vice president of technical operations for United. Prior to that role, Greg served as senior vice president of network for United from 2010-2012 and as vice president of network strategy for Continental Airlines from 2008 to 2010. Greg held various leadership positions at Continental Airlines since joining in 1997, including staff vice president of domestic scheduling and managing director of corporate development.
A native of Milwaukee, Greg received his bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1987 and a master’s in business administration from Cornell University in 1993. He is married and has two children.
Linda Jojo
Linda Jojo
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Linda Jojo is executive vice president and chief information officer for United. Linda is responsible for the effective implementation and management of technology strategy and solutions to support United’s global business.
Prior to this role, Linda held the position of executive vice president and chief information officer for Rogers Communications, Inc., where she had full responsibility for all IT systems for both customer facing and business support systems. Previously, she served as chief information officer for Energy Future Holdings Corporation, Flowserve Corporation and GE Silicones.
Linda holds a bachelor’s degree in computer science and a master’s degree in industrial engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. She is married and currently a member of the board of directors of Exelon Corporation. She is also on the board of trustees of the Adler Planetarium.
Gerald (Gerry) Laderman
Gerald (Gerry) Laderman
Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer
Gerry Laderman is senior vice president finance and acting chief financial officer. Gerry is responsible for United's overall financial strategy including cost management, capital allocation and balance sheet optimization. Gerry oversees corporate finance, treasury, financial planning and analysis, tax, accounting, investor relations, fleet, procurement, internal audit, risk management and corporate strategy.
Previously Gerry served as senior vice president corporate finance, procurement and treasurer where he was responsible for treasury operations (including cash and commercial receivables), risk management, fleet management, tax, and procurement (including fuel, technical and corporate procurement).
Prior to this position, Gerry served as senior vice president of finance and treasurer for Continental Airlines from 2001 to 2010.
Gerry joined Continental in 1988 as senior director legal affairs, finance and aircraft programs. Since that time, he has held positions of increasing responsibility, including staff vice president legal affairs, finance and aircraft programs, vice president corporate finance and senior vice president finance.
Prior to joining Continental, Gerry practiced law at the New York firm of Hughes Hubbard & Reed from 1982 to 1988.
Gerry graduated from Dartmouth College, with a bachelor of arts degree in 1979, and the University of Michigan Law School, with a juris doctor in 1982. He is married and has three children.
Howard Attarian
Howard Attarian
Senior Vice President, Flight Operations
Howard Attarian is senior vice president of flight operations for United. In this role, Captain Attarian serves as the airline’s FAA certificate director of operations and leads the company’s flight operations division. His responsibilities include developing and implementing pilot contracts, policies and procedures, overseeing all pilot domiciles, training, flight standards and flight technology, as well as the division’s operating and capital budgets. He is based in Chicago at United’s Willis Tower headquarters.
Captain Attarian previously served as vice president of flight operations for United Airlines from 2008 to 2013.
Captain Attarian joined United after serving as a pilot for Northwest Airlines for 23 years. Throughout his career at Northwest, he served in several officer positions with the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA), where he played a key leadership role in contract negotiations. He then served for eight years as the executive administrator to the president of the Air Line Pilots Association International, where he led several projects to merge ALPA's six pilot groups, as well as serving as a key adviser in the collective bargaining negotiations for Northwest, Delta, Alaska, US Airways and United.
Captain Attarian is a highly decorated and retired commissioned officer and aviator in the U.S. Air Force and a former pilot on the renowned United States Air Force Demonstration Squadron "Thunderbirds." He is rated to fly the Boeing 757/767 and 777 aircraft.
Captain Attarian holds a bachelor's degree in education from Kansas State University and is married.
Charles Duncan
Charles Duncan
Senior Vice President, Technical Operations
Charles Duncan is senior vice president of technical operations for United Airlines. In this role, Charles oversees all of United’s global technical operations functions, including line and base maintenance functions; aircraft reliability and regulatory compliance; administrative, engineering, planning and production support of airframes, engines and components; as well as continuous improvement programs and third-party sales.
Charles previously served as United’s vice president ORD Hub. Before that, he was United’s vice president – Europe, Middle East, Africa, and India with responsibility for integrating the commercial activities of Continental and United in 37 online cities.
Prior to the merger of United and Continental, Charles was based in Guam and served concurrently as Continental Micronesia’s president and chief operating officer, as well as the Asia-Pacific staff vice president for Continental Airlines. He served in several positions of increasing responsibility in Asia, including ten years in Tokyo, Japan. Charles joined Continental Airlines in 1996 as a revenue management analyst in Houston.
Charles previously served on the boards of Continental Micronesia and the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan (ACCJ). In 2008, he served as Chairman of the Board of Airline Representatives (BOAR) in Japan.
Charles received a bachelor’s degree in economics and international studies from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a master’s in business administration from the Harvard Business School. He currently resides in Chicago and is married with two sons.
Michael (Mike) Ellis
Michael (Mike) Ellis
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Mike Ellis is senior vice president of human resources for United. In this role, Mike is responsible for the strategy, design and ongoing management of HR programs focused on talent management, diversity and inclusion, talent acquisition, compensation, and benefits. He is also responsible for employee relations, which includes the delivery of HR services to employees and managers, as well as strategic HR consultation with business leaders.
Before joining United, Mike was a managing consultant at Towers Watson. Prior to that position, he was the senior director of compensation and benefits for Continental Airlines. During his career, he held various roles of increasing responsibility at Hewitt Associates and served as a member of the United States Marine Corp.
Mike was an executive sponsor of the Cristo Rey Houston, College Preparatory Work Study Program, a member of the HR committee at Collaborative for Children, and a founding member of the Houston Wellness Association.
Mike received his bachelor’s degree from DePaul University. He is married and has three children.
John Gebo
John Gebo
Senior Vice President, Alliances
John R. Gebo is senior vice president of alliances for United Airlines. He is responsible for the company’s global alliance strategy and the relationships with United’s many airline partners.
Prior to his current position, John was United’s senior vice president of financial planning and analysis. In that role, he was responsible for United’s business planning and analysis functions, including annual and long-term operating and capital budgeting, financial planning, forecasting, financial analysis, and investor relations, as well as the enterprise optimization and continuous improvement groups.
John joined United in 2000, and has held positions of increasing responsibility including managing director of revenue divisions finance, managing director of corporate financial planning, and head of United’s investor relations function.
Prior to joining United, John worked at General Motors Corporation in manufacturing engineering. He received his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Texas and his master’s degree in business administration from the University of Michigan. John is also vice chairman of the board of directors of the Alliant Credit Union, an $8 billion financial institution serving over 270,000 members.
David (Dave) Hilfman
David (Dave) Hilfman
Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales
Dave Hilfman is senior vice president of worldwide sales for United. In this role, Dave is responsible for directing the efforts of a team of over 700 sales professionals who manage sales programs, relationships and revenue with corporations, travel management companies and distributors around the world.
Dave was previously senior vice president of worldwide sales for Continental Airlines from 2004 to 2010.
Dave started his airline career in 1981 with Eastern Airlines as a campus sales representative at the University of South Florida. He held sales positions of increasing responsibility with Eastern throughout the southeastern United States until joining Continental Airlines in 1986 where he served as regional sales manager in New York City and director of the western sales division based in Los Angeles. In 1992, Dave moved to the airline’s corporate headquarters in Houston, where he held the positions of senior director of U.S. field sales, vice president of multinational sales and revenue programs and vice president of sales and reservations.
Dave graduated from the University of South Florida with a degree in finance. He’s an avid golfer and has one son.
Christopher (Chris) T. Kenny
Christopher (Chris) T. Kenny
Vice President and Controller
Chris Kenny is vice president and controller for United. In this role, he is responsible for all accounting, financial reporting and internal controls.
Prior to this position, Chris was vice president and controller for Continental Airlines. Chris joined Continental in 1997 and has held various roles of increasing responsibility including managing director of corporate accounting, where he directed both corporate accounting and revenue accounting departments.
Prior to Continental, he was assistant controller for Halliburton Energy Services and senior manager for Ernst & Young LLP.
Chris received his bachelor’s of business administration degree from the University of Texas. He is married and has seven children.
Douglas (Doug) Leo
Douglas (Doug) Leo
Senior Vice President Revenue Management, Pricing and Network
Doug Leo is senior vice president of revenue management, pricing and network for United. In this role Doug is responsible for United’s network development, revenue forecasting, revenue management, pricing, and revenue systems development.
Doug previously held the position of senior vice president of revenue management and pricing. Before that he was the senior vice president of corporate strategy and business development. He started at United as the vice president of revenue management and pricing.
Prior to joining United, Doug was vice president of worldwide sales, distribution, international and cargo for US Airways. He also held management positions at Northwest Airlines in planning, revenue management, sales, marketing, joint ventures and alliances. Before joining the airline industry, he worked as a certified public accountant at Touche Ross and at Peat Marwick and Mitchell.
Doug received his bachelor’s degree from Minnesota State University – Mankato. He sits on the board of directors for Copa Airlines and is a strategy leader for the World Business Chicago Economic Growth Plan.
P. Douglas (Doug) McKeen
P. Douglas (Doug) McKeen
Senior Vice President, Labor Relations
Doug McKeen is senior vice president of labor relations for United. In this role, Doug is responsible for development and implementation of the labor strategy, negotiation and administration of all labor agreements governing United’s represented employees, including the coordination of international bargaining.
Prior to joining United in March 2008 as senior vice president of labor relations, Doug was senior vice president of employee relations and communications at ASTAR Air Cargo from 2006 to 2008. Before joining ASTAR, Doug held several labor relations leadership roles at US Airways, Northwest Airlines and America West Airlines. He was also a partner with Eclat Consulting, providing labor relations strategy and counsel to several airlines negotiating contracts with pilots, mechanics, fleet service and agent personnel.
Doug received a bachelor’s degree in finance from the University of Iowa, and holds a juris doctorate from Hamline University School of Law. He is married and has two children.
Jim Olson
Jim Olson
Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications
Jim Olson is senior vice president of corporate communications for United, overseeing the airline’s worldwide corporate communications, including public relations, employee engagement and creative services. He brings to this role three decades of world class consumer brand and airline sector communications leadership and innovation.
Previously Jim served as vice president of global corporate communications at Starbucks Coffee Company, Fortune's 5th Most Admired Company, where he led the company's reputation-elevating corporate news agenda and brand protection capability. Additionally, he architected Starbucks' next-generation digital news and employee storytelling platform, as well as orchestrated public affairs for the company's Asia-Pacific and Latin America regions.
Prior to Starbucks, he was vice president of corporate communications at US Airways where he led the airline's internal, external and crisis communications functions, which included managing the response to the 2009 Hudson River emergency water landing of Flight 1549. He spent most of the first decade of his career in the automotive industry, including seven years as a strategic communications and digital media consultant to Nissan North America.
Jim earned a Bachelor of Science in Public Relations from Syracuse University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Southern California. He has also served as a long-time board member of The LAGRANT Foundation, which is devoted to achieving greater diversity in the marketing and communications fields.
Jim is married and has one daughter.
Thomas (Tom) F. O'Toole
Thomas (Tom) F. O'Toole
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Tom O’Toole is senior vice president and chief marketing officer for United. In this role, Tom is responsible for all brand development, marketing, ancillary revenue, digital channels, loyalty, co-brand credit cards, customer data analytics, product management and distribution. He is also president of MileagePlus.
Before his current position, Tom was senior vice president of marketing and loyalty and president of MileagePlus for United. Previously, Tom was senior vice president and president of Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC for United. He joined United in early 2010 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer.
Before United, Tom was chief marketing officer and chief information officer for Global Hyatt Corporation, where he was responsible for Hyatt’s marketing, loyalty, distribution, technology and related functions worldwide. He joined Hyatt as vice president of marketing in 1995.
Tom serves on the Boards of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Windows on the World Communication (WTTW/WFMT) and the Big Shoulders Fund. He received the Master of Applied Communication Theory and Methodology and Bachelor of Arts (Communication Research) degrees from Cleveland State University. He is married and has one son.
Sandra Pineau-Boddison
Sandra Pineau-Boddison
Senior Vice President, Customers, United
Sandra Pineau-Boddison is senior vice president of customers for United. She is focused on delivering an industry-leading travel experience through continuously earning the trust of employees and customers. In this role, she is responsible for the carrier’s customer experience, food services, clubs and customer contact center functions, where she oversees a team of approximately 7,000 employees working across the network and at the corporate support center in Chicago. Her continued focus is to build a collaborative team environment with a commitment to providing the tools and support employees need to provide great service. One of Sandra’s most important roles is listening to and implementing changes that are meaningful to United’s customers.
Prior to her current position, Sandra was senior vice president of United Express for United, overseeing the company’s regional operation. Previously, Sandra has served as vice president of customer contact centers and vice president of food services at United.  Sandra joined the company in 1990.
Sandra currently serves on the International Flight Services Association (IFSA) Foundation Board, and has been involved with the association for almost 12 years.  In 2016, Sandra was named one of Illinois’ Most Powerful and Influential Women by the Illinois Diversity Council. She is an Executive Sponsor for United’s women’s Business Resource Group, uIPMACT.
She received her master’s degree in finance from Long Beach State and her bachelor’s degree in marketing from Texas State University. In 2005, she received an honorary doctorate of food service from the North American Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers, for exemplary service to the food service industry. She is married.
Brad Rich
Brad Rich
Senior Vice President, United Express
Brad Rich is the senior vice president of United Express, the regional operation for United. In this role, Brad oversees the operation’s network, product, customer service, operations, and strategy.
Prior to joining United, Brad was the chief commercial officer for Skywest, Inc. With 28 years of experience in the regional airline industry, he also served in a variety of leadership roles at Skywest including president, chief financial officer and treasurer.
Brad began his career as a staff accountant for Arthur Andersen LLP and Company.
He received his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Utah State University.
Brad and his wife Pam have five children and four grandchildren.
Sam Risoli
Sam Risoli
Senior Vice President, Inflight Services
Sam Risoli is senior vice president of inflight services for United. He oversees all aspects of inflight operations, including more than 22,000 flight attendants. He also oversees administration, flight attendant scheduling, policy and procedures, service, staffing, training, and recruiting.
Prior to this role, Sam was vice president of inflight for Continental Airlines. He joined Continental in 1985 as director of inflight, Denver base with periodic responsibility for Newark, Houston, Greensboro, Dulles, Seattle, and Honolulu inflight bases, and has since held positions of increasing responsibility. He became director of inflight field operations in 1994, responsible for flight attendant scheduling, and the administration and negotiation of the IAM contract. From 1996 to 1999 he was senior director of inflight field operations which included all flight attendants, base operations, service, policy and procedures, and the administration and negotiation of the IAM contract.
Sam began his career in aviation in 1977 at Frontier Airlines as a flight attendant. He held various positions at Frontier including manager of inflight services, inflight supervisor and the administration of the AFA contract.
Sam received his bachelor’s degree in distributive education from Colorado State University. He is married with two children.
Jonathan (Jon) Roitman
Jonathan (Jon) Roitman
Senior Vice President, Airport Operations
Jon Roitman is senior vice president of airport operations for United. In this role, Jon oversees United’s worldwide airport operations, including on-time performance, customer service and ramp operations.
Prior to assuming this role, Jon served as vice president of the Newark hub, overseeing the entire operation for both the Newark and Cleveland hubs. Jon joined Continental Airlines in 1997 as director of design and construction in the corporate real estate group, and subsequently held positions of increasing responsibility, including airport regional managing director and staff vice president of the Cleveland hub.
Before joining Continental, Jon was the manager of business development for BWAB Incorporated, a real estate development and oil and gas production firm located in Denver, Colorado.
Jon served in the U.S. Army from 1984 to 1992 and resigned from active duty as a field artillery captain.
He holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering from West Point and a master’s of business in real estate construction management from the University of Denver.
Registrar & Transfer Agent
Linkedin