Visa Inc. - Corporate Governance - Management Team


Analyst Coverage
Charles W. Scharf
Chief Executive Officer
Charles W. Scharf, 50, has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Visa Inc. since November 1, 2012. Previously, Mr. Scharf was a Managing Director of One Equity Partners, the private investment arm of JPMorgan Chase & Co. From July 2004 to June 2011, Mr. Scharf served as Chief Executive Officer of Retail Financial Services of JPMorgan Chase & Co, a business with $30 billion in annual revenues and 130,000 employees. From May 2002 to July 2004, he served as Chief Executive Officer of the retail division of Bank One Corporation prior to Bank One’s merger with JP Morgan Chase. Mr. Scharf also served as Chief Financial Officer of Bank One Corporation from 2000 to 2002, Chief Financial Officer of the Global Corporate and Investment Bank division at Citigroup, from 1999 to 2000, and Chief Financial Officer of Salomon Smith Barney, an investment bank, and its predecessor company from 1995 to 1999. He served as a director of Travelers Property Casualty Corporation from September 2002 to September 2005 and also was a director of Visa Inc. from October 2007 to January 2011 and a director of Visa U.S.A. from February 2003 to October 2007. He currently serves as a director of Microsoft Corporation and as a member of the Board of Trustees of Johns Hopkins University. Mr. Scharf holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Johns Hopkins University and a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University.
Lynne Biggar
Lynne joined Visa on February 22, 2016. Ms. Biggar joins Visa from Time Inc. where she was the Executive Vice President, Consumer Marketing & Revenue. While at Time Inc., Ms. Biggar was responsible for marketing to consumers for all Time Inc. brands across all channels, direct marketing company Synapse, Time Inc. Retail, Time Inc. Books, Consumer Insights, Data Solutions and Time Customer Service. Prior to her role at Time Inc. she spent more than 20 years at American Express in a variety of general management and marketing positions in both the US and international divisions and was a member of the company’s Global Management Team. Most recently, Ms. Biggar was Executive Vice President and General Manager of International Card Products and Experiences, where she managed a global organization focused on product management, new product development, travel and lifestyle benefits and servicing. Before joining American Express in 1992 as a marketing manager, Ms. Biggar held various international strategy and marketing positions in San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York. She was named one of Folio’s Top Women in Media in 2014, having previously been named one of the 25 most influential women in travel by ForbesLife Executive Woman Magazine. She serves on the board of directors of Voya, Marketo and The New 42nd Street. Ms. Biggar holds a BA in international relations from Stanford University and an MBA from Columbia University.
Kelly Mahon Tullier
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Kelly Mahon Tullier joined Visa Inc. in June 2014 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary. In her role, she leads the global legal and compliance functions. Prior to joining Visa, Mahon Tullier worked at PepsiCo, Inc. as Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. She also served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for PepsiCo's Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa division, based in Dubai. Previously, Mahon Tullier was Vice President and General Counsel for Frito-Lay. Earlier in her career, she was an associate at Baker Botts LLP and also served as a law clerk for the Honorable Sidney A. Fitzwater, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Texas. Mahon Tullier serves on the Cornell Law School Advisory Council, Tahirih Justice Center Board of Directors, International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (CPR) Board of Directors, and Balefire Labs Advisory Board. Mahon Tullier received her B.A. from Louisiana State University and her J.D., , from Cornell Law School.
Jim McCarthy
Jim McCarthy is the Global Head of Innovation & Strategic Partnerships for Visa Inc. In this position, he is responsible for the development of Visa’s product and technology roadmap, Visa’s innovation efforts, and leading business development for strategic partnerships. Most recently, McCarthy was the global head of Product for Visa Inc., with responsibility for all aspects of product strategy and development in consumer and business products, as well as platform development and commercial information management. He is accountable for the global interoperability of Visa’s products and services; developing new channel solutions and technology support; building alliances and solutions for new products, technologies, platforms, and market segment penetration; and product analytics. Previously, McCarthy was head of North America Financial Institution Sales, overseeing card issuer relationships and leading sales strategy and execution in the United States and Canada. In this role, he and his team of sales and marketing professionals were responsible for maximizing opportunities and growth for Visa’s clients. McCarthy also previously served as head of Global Consumer Products for Visa Inc. In this role, he was responsible for global business strategy, product management and analytic services for Visa’s consumer products, including credit, debit, prepaid and ATM products. Prior to this role, McCarthy was senior vice president of Consumer Credit and Cross Platform Products for Visa U.S.A., responsible for the business strategy and product management of Visa’s consumer credit card business – including the successful relaunch of Visa Signature, Visa’s premium credit product for affluent consumers – and the development and oversight of cross platform initiatives including bill payment, Verified by Visa, eCommerce and card enhancement programs. Earlier in his Visa tenure, McCarthy managed the Emerging Products team for Visa U.S.A., where he drove the coordination, deployment and management of emerging products and payment services in the United States, including the development of Verified by Visa, an identity verification product that has become the standard for payment security and fraud prevention in eCommerce. Prior to joining Visa in 1999, McCarthy worked at IBM where he served as the senior client representative to Bank of America. In that role, he was responsible for direct sales and account management including marketing, technology solutions and the development of joint business strategies. McCarthy earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the College of William and Mary in 1986.
Ryan McInerney
President
Ryan McInerney is President of Visa Inc. where he is responsible for leading Visa’s global client organization, whose market teams deliver the value of Visa to financial institutions, account holders, merchants in 200 countries and territories. He also is responsible for client support services, global product management and a new solutions group, which focuses on building and bringing to market new products and services to Visa’s issuer, acquirer and merchant partners. Prior to joining Visa, Mr. McInerney served as CEO of Consumer Banking for JPMorgan Chase, a business with more than 75,000 employees and revenues of approximately $14 billion. There he was responsible for a banking network serving 20 million customers in 23 states. Before that he served as chief operating officer for Home Lending and as chief risk officer for Chase’s consumer businesses, overseeing all credit risk management in home lending, auto finance, education finance, consumer banking, business banking, and card services. He also served as Chase’s head of Product and Marketing for Consumer Banking and led the introduction of its mobile banking service. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase, he was a principal at McKinsey & Company in the firm’s retail banking and payments practices. McInerney received a finance degree from the University of Notre Dame.
Vasant Prabhu
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Vasant M. Prabhu joined Visa Inc. in February 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In his role, he overseas Visa Inc.’s financial strategies, planning and reporting, in addition to all finance operations and investor relations. Prabhu joined Visa from NBCUniversal Media, LLC, where he served as chief financial officer, overseeing the company’s finance function as well as the operations and technical services division, which includes its technical operations, physical plant, corporate services and information technology functions. Mr. Prabhu reports directly to Scharf, and be responsible for Visa Inc.’s financial strategies, planning and reporting, in addition to all finance operations and investor relations. Prior to joining NBCUniversal in 2014, Prabhu served as the chief financial officer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. since 2004. In 2010, Prabhu also was named vice chairman of Starwood. At Starwood, he was responsible for all financial functions, information technology and a range of corporate functions. He also served as executive vice president and chief financial officer for Safeway Inc., and held senior leadership roles at The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., PepsiCo, Inc. and Booz, Allen & Hamilton. Prabhu is currently a member of the board of directors of Mattel, Inc.
Ellen Richey
Vice Chairman, Risk and Public Policy
Ellen Richey is the Vice Chairman, Risk and Public Policy of Visa Inc. Prior to this role, Ms. Richey served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer from January 2014 until September 2014 and Chief Enterprise Risk Officer from October 2007 until September 2014. Previously, Ms. Richey served as the Senior Vice President of Enterprise Risk Management and Executive Vice President of Card Services at Washington Mutual Inc., a financial institution, from October 2005 until June 2006. From October 1999 until October 2005, she served as Vice Chairman of Providian Financial Corporation, a financial institution, until its acquisition by Washington Mutual. At Providian, Ms. Richey also served as the Vice Chairman, Enterprise Risk Management and Chief Legal Officer from 2003 to 2005, General Counsel from 1999 to 2003, Chief Enterprise Risk Officer from 2004 to 2005, and Corporate Secretary from 1999 to 2005. Ms. Richey was a member of the board of directors of Monitise plc from October 2012 until September 2013. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Linguistics and Far Eastern Languages from Harvard University and a Juris Doctor degree from Stanford Law School.
Michael Ross
Michael P. Ross is Global Head of Human Resources for Visa Inc. In this role he is responsible for managing all human resources functions in the organization, including talent management, staffing, compensation and employee relations, as well as developing effective retention, diversity and performance management strategies. Before joining Visa in January 2013, Ross was the Chief Talent and Rewards Officer for HP. Prior to joining HP, Ross worked in Merrill Lynch’s Human Resources Division in New York and London. Additional experience includes working at Morgan Stanley as Managing Director of Compensation & Benefits and as senior consultant at The Segal Company. Ross began his career with NationsBank in Richmond, Virginia. Ross earned a BBA in Finance from James Madison University and has an MS in International Employment Relations and Human Resource Management from the London School of Economics and Political Science.
Bill Sheedy
Global Executive, Corporate Strategy, M&A, and Government Relations
Bill Sheedy leads Visa’s corporate strategy and mergers and acquisitions efforts, global policy and government relations. In this role, he is responsible for charting the company’s strategic direction and driving growth; expanding the company’s relationships with governments and regulators globally; and leading critical initiatives and transactions with clients and partners around the world, with a particular focus on Europe. Sheedy reports to the CEO and is a member of the Visa Inc. Executive Committee. More recently, Sheedy was Group President, Americas, and oversaw Visa's business in North America, Central America, South America and the Caribbean, across nearly 50 countries. In this role, Sheedy was responsible for issuer, merchant, acquirer and third-party processor relationships and led efforts to expand card issuance, merchant acceptance and usage of Visa-branded products and services across the Americas. He also had responsibility for Visa’s core credit, debit, prepaid, commercial / small business, co-brand, CyberSource, and merchant acceptance businesses. Previously, Sheedy served as President of the company’s North America region. Sheedy also played a leadership role in managing Visa’s corporate restructuring that merged multiple regional Visa entities into a single global company, culminating in Visa's successful initial public offering in 2008. Earlier in his career, Sheedy managed Visa’s U.S. pricing and economics strategies. He joined the company in 1993 as an executive in Visa’s strategy and pricing division. Sheedy holds a B.S. from West Virginia University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.
Rajat Taneja
Executive Vice President, Technology
Rajat Taneja is Executive Vice President of Technology for Visa Inc., responsible for the company's technology innovation and investment strategy, product engineering, global IT and operations infrastructure. He joined Visa in this role in November 2013.
Prior to joining Visa, Taneja was Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Electronic Arts Inc., from October 2011 until November 2013, responsible for platform engineering, data center operations and IT supporting the company's global customer base. From 1996 until 2011, he worked at Microsoft Corporation, including most recently as the Corporate Vice President, Commerce Division, in 2011 and the General Manager and Corporate Vice President, Online Services Division, from 2007 to 2011.
Taneja holds a B.E. in Electrical Engineering from Jadavpur University and an MBA from Washington State University. He is currently on the Board of Directors for Ellie Mae, Inc.