
Skip to main content,  Search Cart   Menu My Account Sign In User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account? My Account Profile My Trips Discount Codes Mileage Activity My Wallet Sign Out Book Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Cruises Group travel Vacation packages Disneyland® Hawaii Las Vegas Mexico All packages Trip extras Trip protection Fly & Buy™ miles Explore Where we fly Destinations Route map Flight schedules Our aircraft Deals Flights Hotels Vacation packages Mileage Plan™ Things to do Relax on a beach Sip some wine Outdoor adventure Travel info Fly Alaska Travel tips First Class Inflight Food and beverage Alaska Board Room Policies and services Baggage Infants and children Accessible services Pets All policies Manage travel Check-in Flight status Flight notifications View/change flights Mileage Plan™ Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Group travel Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™ Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Contact us Español English Sign in Profile and tier status My trips Discount codes Mileage activity My wallet Sign out User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account? Cart   Search Contact us Español English Alaska Book Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Cruises Group travel Vacation packages Disneyland® Hawaii Las Vegas Mexico All packages Trip extras Trip protection Fly & Buy™ miles Price guarantee Always get our lowest fares Learn more › about the Alaska price guarantee Explore Where we fly Destinations Route map Flight schedules Our aircraft Deals Flights Hotels Vacation packages Mileage Plan™ Things to do Relax on a beach Sip some wine Ski the West Mix and match awards Use your miles on our airline partners Travel today › use your miles on other airlines Travel info Fly Alaska Travel tips First Class Inflight Food and beverage Alaska Board Room Policies and services Baggage Infants and children Accessible services Pets All policies Manage travel Check-in Flight status Flight notifications View/change flights Sustainability Our environment, community, and people Learn more › about our sustainable practices Mileage Plan™ Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™ Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Alaska Credit Cards United States › apply for an Alaska Airlines US credit card Canada › apply for an Alaska Airlines Canadian credit card Companion fare Q and A › Ask Jenn Search Cart   Menu My account My info and subscriptions My trips Sign out Home CSI links Flight loads Create PNR View queue Saved reservations Travel Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Flight schedules Trip protection Day of travel Flight status Trip & flight alerts Alaska Board Room Manage reservations View/change flights Cancel/refund flights Price guarantee Helpful links My EasyBiz Manage account Customize features Traveler profiles Company information Ticket report Manage users View users Invite users Invite alternate Delete users Credit cards View credit cards Add a credit card EasyBiz account EasyBiz Wallet Transactions Expiration dates Gift certificates EasyBiz Mileage Book award Activity Earn/use miles EasyBiz discount codes Valid Used Help Resources Help desk My site contact My account help EasyBiz FAQ General Mileage Plan ™ Administrative User guide Terms and conditions Membership responsibilities Employee participation EasyBiz administrator Sign in My info and subscriptions My trips Sign out Cart   Search Alaska Airlines/EasyBiz Home CSI links Flight loads Create PNR View queue Saved reservations Travel Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Flight schedules Trip protection Day of travel Flight status Flight notifications Alaska Board Room Manage reservations View/change flights Cancel/refund flights Price guarantee Helpful links View your company's stored links. View links › about your company's stored links My EasyBiz Manage account Customize features Traveler profiles Company information Ticket report Manage users View users Invite users Invite alternate Delete users Credit cards View credit cards Add a credit card Ticket reports Manage your travel budget using ticket reports. View reports › See all reports Reports Ticket reports EasyBiz account EasyBiz Wallet Transactions Expiration dates EasyBiz Mileage Book award Activity Earn/use miles EasyBiz discount codes Valid Used Purchase gift certificates Give the gift of travel. Buy now › gift certificates Help Resources Help desk My site contact My account help EasyBiz FAQ General Mileage Plan™ Administrative Terms and conditions Membership responsibilities Employee participation EasyBiz administrator EasyBiz user guide Browse everything you need to know about using EasyBiz. Learn more › about easybiz
My Account Sign In,  User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account?
User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to,  Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account?
Profile and tier status,  My trips, 
User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me,  Sign in,  Don't have an account?, 
Profile,  My Trips,  Discount Codes,  Mileage Activity,  My Wallet,  Sign Out, 
My Account Sign In User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account? My Account Profile My Trips Discount Codes Mileage Activity My Wallet Sign Out Book Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Cruises Group travel Vacation packages Disneyland® Hawaii Las Vegas Mexico All packages Trip extras Trip protection Fly & Buy™ miles Explore Where we fly Destinations Route map Flight schedules Our aircraft Deals Flights Hotels Vacation packages Mileage Plan™ Things to do Relax on a beach Sip some wine Outdoor adventure Travel info Fly Alaska Travel tips First Class Inflight Food and beverage Alaska Board Room Policies and services Baggage Infants and children Accessible services Pets All policies Manage travel Check-in Flight status Flight notifications View/change flights Mileage Plan™ Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Group travel Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™ Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Contact us,  Español,  English, 
Sign in,  Profile and tier status My trips Discount codes Mileage activity My wallet Sign out User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in,  Don't have an account?
Profile and tier status,  My trips,  Discount codes,  Mileage activity,  My wallet,  Sign out, 
Profile and tier status My trips Discount codes Mileage activity My wallet Sign out User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account?, 
Sign in Profile and tier status My trips Discount codes Mileage activity My wallet Sign out User ID Forgot User ID? Password Forgot password? Take me to Profile and tier status My trips Remember me Sign in Don't have an account? Cart  ,  Search,  Contact us,  Español,  English, 
Alaska,  Book Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Cruises Group travel Vacation packages Disneyland® Hawaii Las Vegas Mexico All packages Trip extras Trip protection Fly & Buy™ miles Price guarantee Always get our lowest fares Learn more › about the Alaska,  price guarantee Explore Where we fly Destinations Route map Flight schedules Our aircraft Deals Flights Hotels Vacation packages Mileage Plan™ Things to do Relax on a beach Sip some wine Ski the West Mix and match awards Use your miles on our airline partners Travel today › use your miles on other airlines Travel info Fly Alaska,  Travel tips First Class Inflight Food and beverage Alaska,  Board Room Policies and services Baggage Infants and children Accessible services Pets All policies Manage travel Check-in Flight status Flight notifications View/change flights Sustainability Our environment, community, and people Learn more › about our sustainable practices Mileage Plan™ Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™ Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Alaska,  Credit Cards United States › apply for an Alaska,  Airlines US credit card Canada › apply for an Alaska,  Airlines Canadian credit card Companion fare Q and A › Ask Jenn
Mileage Plan™,  Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™,  Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Alaska Credit Cards United States › apply for an Alaska Airlines US credit card Canada › apply for an Alaska Airlines Canadian credit card Companion fare Q and A ›
Alaska Credit Cards United States ›,  apply for an Alaska Airlines US credit card Canada ›,  apply for an Alaska Airlines Canadian credit card Companion fare Q and A ›, 
Alaska Book Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Cruises Group travel Vacation packages Disneyland® Hawaii Las Vegas Mexico All packages Trip extras Trip protection Fly & Buy™ miles Price guarantee Always get our lowest fares Learn more › about the Alaska price guarantee Explore Where we fly Destinations Route map Flight schedules Our aircraft Deals Flights Hotels Vacation packages Mileage Plan™ Things to do Relax on a beach Sip some wine Ski the West Mix and match awards Use your miles on our airline partners Travel today › use your miles on other airlines Travel info Fly Alaska Travel tips First Class Inflight Food and beverage Alaska Board Room Policies and services Baggage Infants and children Accessible services Pets All policies Manage travel Check-in Flight status Flight notifications View/change flights Sustainability Our environment, community, and people Learn more › about our sustainable practices Mileage Plan™ Membership Join Member benefits Elite levels Partners Earn and use miles Use miles Earn miles Buy and share miles Award charts Mileage Plan™ Shopping My account Sign in Book award Check activity Missing credit Alaska Credit Cards United States › apply for an Alaska Airlines US credit card Canada › apply for an Alaska Airlines Canadian credit card Companion fare Q and A › Ask Jenn, 
EasyBiz FAQ,  General Mileage Plan ™ Administrative User guide
General,  Mileage Plan ™,  Administrative,  User guide, 
Terms and conditions,  Membership responsibilities Employee participation EasyBiz administrator
Membership responsibilities,  Employee participation,  EasyBiz administrator, 
Alaska Airlines/EasyBiz,  Home CSI links Flight loads Create PNR View queue Saved reservations Travel Reservations Flights Hotels Cars Flight schedules Trip protection Day of travel Flight status Flight notifications Alaska Board Room Manage reservations View/change flights Cancel/refund flights Price guarantee Helpful links View your company's stored links. View links › about your company's stored links My EasyBiz Manage account Customize features Traveler profiles Company information Ticket report Manage users View users Invite users Invite alternate Delete users Credit cards View credit cards Add a credit card Ticket reports Manage your travel budget using ticket reports. View reports › See all reports Reports Ticket reports EasyBiz account EasyBiz Wallet Transactions Expiration dates EasyBiz Mileage Book award Activity Earn/use miles EasyBiz discount codes Valid Used Purchase gift certificates Give the gift of travel. Buy now › gift certificates Help Resources Help desk My site contact My account help EasyBiz FAQ General Mileage Plan™ Administrative Terms and conditions Membership responsibilities Employee participation EasyBiz administrator EasyBiz user guide Browse everything you need to know about using EasyBiz. Learn more › about easybiz
Help,  Resources Help,  desk My site contact My account help EasyBiz FAQ General Mileage Plan™ Administrative Terms and conditions Membership responsibilities Employee participation EasyBiz administrator EasyBiz user guide Browse everything you need to know about using EasyBiz. Learn more › about easybiz
General,  Mileage Plan™,  Administrative, 
Membership responsibilities,  Employee participation,  EasyBiz administrator, 
Newsroom Home,  Alaska Company Info Alaska Air Cargo,  Market Share,  Cities Served,  Employees & Collective Bargaining, ,  Executive Leadership,  Company Facts, ,  Fleet, ,  Alaska Awards and recognition,  Innovation & Technology Leadership,  Horizon Company Info Employees & Collective Bargaining, ,  Executive Leadership,  Company Facts, ,  Fleet, ,  Horizon Awards and Recognition,  Contact Media Contacts, 
Brad Tilden,  - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Ben Minicucci,  - President and Chief Operating Officer Brandon Pedersen,  - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance Andrew Harrison,  - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Alaska Airlines Executive Leadership Updated July 2016 Brad Tilden - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Ben Minicucci - President and Chief Operating Officer Brandon Pedersen - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance Andrew Harrison - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Brad Tilden Chief Executive Officer of Alaska Air Group View hi-res image, , ,  Brad Tilden serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines.  Alaska flies more than 200 aircraft to 114 destinations throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica and has 15,200 employees.  Alaska has grown significantly over the years and is a Fortune 500 company.  Under the leadership of Tilden and his team, Alaska is focusing on low fares, profitable growth of the route network and becoming the easiest airline to fly.  Alaska has earned recognition for ranking highest in customer satisfaction among traditional North American carriers by J.D. Power for nine consecutive years.  The airline has also ranked No. 1 in on-time performance for six consecutive years by FlightStats.com, and has received other honors for philanthropy, community service and environmental stewardship.  In addition to these achievements, Alaska consistently ranks among the nation’s most profitable airlines.  Tilden is a 25-year veteran of Alaska Air Group.   He has previously served as executive vice president of finance and planning, chief financial officer, and corporate controller.  Before joining Alaska, he spent eight years with the accounting firm Price Waterhouse.  He earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Pacific Lutheran University and an executive master’s degree in business administration from the University of Washington.    Tilden was ranked #22 among the Top 50 Corporate Leaders in America by Fortune magazine in 2015.  He has also been recognized by the Puget Sound Business Journal as Executive of the Year, and by the Boy Scouts of America as a Distinguished Eagle Scout.  Tilden serves on the boards of the Washington Roundtable, the Boy Scouts of America, Pacific Lutheran University, and Nordstorm. Additionally, he chairs the board of the Seattle Chamber of Commerce. A Seattle native, Tilden grew up a few miles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, where he developed an early love of aviation.  He holds a commercial pilot’s license and enjoys flying recreationally.  He also enjoys cycling and spending time with his family. Ben Minicucci President and Chief Operating Officer of Alaska Airlines View hi-res image, , ,  Ben Minicucci leads Alaska Airlines' 11,700 employees and is also responsible for Flight Operations, System Operations Control, Maintenance & Engineering, Inflight, Labor Relations and Customer Service – Airports Airport Operations and Customer Service. As president of Alaska Airlines, Minicucci is leading the integration process for the planned acquisition of Virgin America, which will create the premier airline for people living on the West Coast. Most recently, Minicucci served as the airline's chief operating officer and executive vice president since December 2008. Previously, he served as the airline's vice president of Seattle operations, leading the Customer Service – Airports Division's vendor oversight program, as well as staff planning, training, policies and procedures. Before that, Minicucci was staff vice president of maintenance and engineering. Minicucci came to Alaska Airlines from Air Canada, following 14 years with the Canadian Armed Forces, where he managed all aspects of military aircraft maintenance and participated in several key deployments, including the 1991 Persian Gulf War. Minicucci's first job with Air Canada involved coaching management teams on progressive leadership styles. He was later promoted to vice president of heavy maintenance and base manager of operations in Montreal, Calgary, Winnipeg and Vancouver, Canada. He holds bachelor's and master's degrees in mechanical engineering from the Royal Military College of Canada and also completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program for senior executives. Brandon Pedersen Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance of Alaska Air Group View hi-res image, , ,  Brandon Pedersen is responsible for the finance and strategic planning organizations at Alaska Air Group. Pedersen previously served as vice president of finance and controller for Alaska Air Group, with responsibility for accounting, payroll, tax, financial reporting and investor relations. He was recognized by The Puget Sound Business Journal as its “CFO of the Year” in 2015 for public companies with more than $1 billion in revenue. He came to Alaska Airlines in 2003 as staff vice president from the Seattle office of KPMG, one of the nation's largest public accounting firms. He was a partner at KPMG, as well as at the Seattle office of Arthur Andersen. Pedersen began his professional career with Andersen as a staff accountant. During a 12-year period there, he rose to partner and handled a diverse range of clients and projects. Pedersen is a graduate of the University of Washington, with bachelor's degrees in business administration and economics. He is a certified public accountant and a member of the Accounting Advisory Board of the University of Washington. He also serves on the board of the American Red Cross of King and Kitsap Counties. Andrew Harrison Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Alaska Airlines View hi-res image, , ,  Andrew Harrison is responsible for all revenue-related activities overseeing corporate real estate, marketing, capacity planning, revenue management, customer innovation and alliances for Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air. Harrison previously served as senior vice president of planning and revenue management. Since joining the company in 2003, Harrison has served as vice president of planning and revenue management for Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air, and as managing director of several departments including financial planning and analysis and internal audit. Prior to joining Alaska Airlines, Harrison worked at KPMG for 16 years, one of the nation's largest public accounting firms. As a senior manager, he had oversight of several large public corporation audits across numerous industries. During his public accounting career, he worked at numerous KPMG offices across the world including in Melbourne, Australia, Prague, Stamford, Connecticut, Silicon Valley and Seattle. Harrison is a graduate of the University of Melbourne and holds a bachelor of commerce degree. He was previously certified as a public accountant by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia in 1996 and as a California CPA in January 2004. His licenses are currently inactive. A Seattle-area resident, Harrison serves on the board of Junior Achievement of Washington. He and his wife Amy have seven children. Vice Presidents Ann Ardizzone - Vice President, Strategic Sourcing and Supply Chain Management Jeffrey Butler - Vice President, Airport Operations & Customer Service Mark Eliasen - Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Karen Gruen - Vice President, Corporate Real Estate Tom Kemp - Vice President, Flight Operations Kurt Kinder - Vice President, Maintenance & Engineering John Kirby - Vice President, Capacity Planning David E. Kuhl - Vice President of Information Technology Services Kyle Levine - Vice President Legal and General Counsel Greg Mays - Vice President, Labor Relations Thomas Nunn - Vice President, Safety Andy Schneider - Vice President, Inflight Services Veresh Sita - Chief Information Officer and Vice President Joseph Sprague - Senior Vice President, Communications and External Relations Shane Tackett - Vice President, Revenue Management Sangita Woerner - Vice President, Marketing Tamara S. Young - Vice President, Human Resources Other Elected Officers Shannon Alberts - Corporate Secretary
Pedersen previously served as vice president of finance and controller for Alaska Air Group, with responsibility for accounting, payroll, tax, financial reporting and investor relations. He was recognized by The Puget Sound Business Journal,  as its “CFO of the Year” in 2015 for public companies with more than $1 billion in revenue.
Alaska Airlines Executive Leadership Updated July 2016 Brad Tilden - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Ben Minicucci - President and Chief Operating Officer Brandon Pedersen - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance Andrew Harrison - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Brad Tilden Chief Executive Officer of Alaska Air Group View hi-res image,  Brad Tilden serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines.  Alaska flies more than 200 aircraft to 114 destinations throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica and has 15,200 employees.  Alaska has grown significantly over the years and is a Fortune 500 company.  Under the leadership of Tilden and his team, Alaska is focusing on low fares, profitable growth of the route network and becoming the easiest airline to fly.  Alaska has earned recognition for ranking highest in customer satisfaction among traditional North American carriers by J.D. Power for nine consecutive years.  The airline has also ranked No. 1 in on-time performance for six consecutive years by FlightStats.com, and has received other honors for philanthropy, community service and environmental stewardship.  In addition to these achievements, Alaska consistently ranks among the nation’s most profitable airlines.  Tilden is a 25-year veteran of Alaska Air Group.   He has previously served as executive vice president of finance and planning, chief financial officer, and corporate controller.  Before joining Alaska, he spent eight years with the accounting firm Price Waterhouse.  He earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Pacific Lutheran University and an executive master’s degree in business administration from the University of Washington.    Tilden was ranked #22 among the Top 50 Corporate Leaders in America by Fortune magazine in 2015.  He has also been recognized by the Puget Sound Business Journal as Executive of the Year, and by the Boy Scouts of America as a Distinguished Eagle Scout.  Tilden serves on the boards of the Washington Roundtable, the Boy Scouts of America, Pacific Lutheran University, and Nordstorm. Additionally, he chairs the board of the Seattle Chamber of Commerce. A Seattle native, Tilden grew up a few miles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, where he developed an early love of aviation.  He holds a commercial pilot’s license and enjoys flying recreationally.  He also enjoys cycling and spending time with his family. Ben Minicucci President and Chief Operating Officer of Alaska Airlines View hi-res image,  Ben Minicucci leads Alaska Airlines' 11,700 employees and is also responsible for Flight Operations, System Operations Control, Maintenance & Engineering, Inflight, Labor Relations and Customer Service – Airports Airport Operations and Customer Service. As president of Alaska Airlines, Minicucci is leading the integration process for the planned acquisition of Virgin America, which will create the premier airline for people living on the West Coast. Most recently, Minicucci served as the airline's chief operating officer and executive vice president since December 2008. Previously, he served as the airline's vice president of Seattle operations, leading the Customer Service – Airports Division's vendor oversight program, as well as staff planning, training, policies and procedures. Before that, Minicucci was staff vice president of maintenance and engineering. Minicucci came to Alaska Airlines from Air Canada, following 14 years with the Canadian Armed Forces, where he managed all aspects of military aircraft maintenance and participated in several key deployments, including the 1991 Persian Gulf War. Minicucci's first job with Air Canada involved coaching management teams on progressive leadership styles. He was later promoted to vice president of heavy maintenance and base manager of operations in Montreal, Calgary, Winnipeg and Vancouver, Canada. He holds bachelor's and master's degrees in mechanical engineering from the Royal Military College of Canada and also completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program for senior executives. Brandon Pedersen Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance of Alaska Air Group View hi-res image,  Brandon Pedersen is responsible for the finance and strategic planning organizations at Alaska Air Group. Pedersen previously served as vice president of finance and controller for Alaska Air Group, with responsibility for accounting, payroll, tax, financial reporting and investor relations. He was recognized by The Puget Sound Business Journal as its “CFO of the Year” in 2015 for public companies with more than $1 billion in revenue. He came to Alaska Airlines in 2003 as staff vice president from the Seattle office of KPMG, one of the nation's largest public accounting firms. He was a partner at KPMG, as well as at the Seattle office of Arthur Andersen. Pedersen began his professional career with Andersen as a staff accountant. During a 12-year period there, he rose to partner and handled a diverse range of clients and projects. Pedersen is a graduate of the University of Washington, with bachelor's degrees in business administration and economics. He is a certified public accountant and a member of the Accounting Advisory Board of the University of Washington. He also serves on the board of the American Red Cross of King and Kitsap Counties. Andrew Harrison Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Alaska Airlines View hi-res image,  Andrew Harrison is responsible for all revenue-related activities overseeing corporate real estate, marketing, capacity planning, revenue management, customer innovation and alliances for Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air. Harrison previously served as senior vice president of planning and revenue management. Since joining the company in 2003, Harrison has served as vice president of planning and revenue management for Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air, and as managing director of several departments including financial planning and analysis and internal audit. Prior to joining Alaska Airlines, Harrison worked at KPMG for 16 years, one of the nation's largest public accounting firms. As a senior manager, he had oversight of several large public corporation audits across numerous industries. During his public accounting career, he worked at numerous KPMG offices across the world including in Melbourne, Australia, Prague, Stamford, Connecticut, Silicon Valley and Seattle. Harrison is a graduate of the University of Melbourne and holds a bachelor of commerce degree. He was previously certified as a public accountant by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia in 1996 and as a California CPA in January 2004. His licenses are currently inactive. A Seattle-area resident, Harrison serves on the board of Junior Achievement of Washington. He and his wife Amy have seven children. Vice Presidents Ann Ardizzone - Vice President, Strategic Sourcing and Supply Chain Management Jeffrey Butler - Vice President, Airport Operations & Customer Service Mark Eliasen - Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Karen Gruen - Vice President, Corporate Real Estate Tom Kemp - Vice President, Flight Operations Kurt Kinder - Vice President, Maintenance & Engineering John Kirby - Vice President, Capacity Planning David E. Kuhl - Vice President of Information Technology Services Kyle Levine - Vice President Legal and General Counsel Greg Mays - Vice President, Labor Relations Thomas Nunn - Vice President, Safety Andy Schneider - Vice President, Inflight Services Veresh Sita - Chief Information Officer and Vice President Joseph Sprague - Senior Vice President, Communications and External Relations Shane Tackett - Vice President, Revenue Management Sangita Woerner - Vice President, Marketing Tamara S. Young - Vice President, Human Resources Other Elected Officers Shannon Alberts - Corporate Secretary
Ann Ardizzone,  - Vice President, Strategic Sourcing and Supply Chain Management
Jeffrey Butler,  - Vice President, Airport Operations & Customer Service
Mark Eliasen,  - Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Karen Gruen -,  Vice President, Corporate Real Estate
Tom Kemp,  - Vice President, Flight Operations
Kurt Kinder,  - Vice President, Maintenance & Engineering
John Kirby,  - Vice President, Capacity Planning
David E. Kuhl,  - Vice President of Information Technology Services
Kyle Levine -,  Vice President Legal and General Counsel
Greg Mays,  - Vice President, Labor Relations
Thomas Nunn,  - Vice President, Safety
Andy Schneider,  - Vice President, Inflight Services
Veresh Sita,  - Chief Information Officer and Vice President
Joseph Sprague,  - Senior Vice President, Communications and External Relations
Shane Tackett,  - Vice President, Revenue Management
Sangita Woerner -,  Vice President, Marketing
Tamara S. Young,  - Vice President, Human Resources
Shannon Alberts,  - Corporate Secretary
Email deals The latest, lowest fares in your inbox every week. Sign up now ›for email flight deals,  Alaska listens Tell us about your recent trip. Give feedback ›about your recent trip,  Mobile For iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone. Get the app ›Alaska Airlines mobile app,  Credit card Earn miles for travel with every purchase. Apply now ›for an Alaska Airlines credit card Credit card Earn miles for travel with every purchase Learn more ›for an Alaska Airlines credit card
Ask Jenn,  Contact us,  Feedback,  Travel advisories,  Customer commitment,  Tarmac delay plan,  Site map, 
alaskaair.com,  Who we are,  Alaska Board Room,  Mobile products, 
http://www.alaskaair.com/content/about-us/newsroom/as-executives.aspx