Whole Foods Market Newsroom


John Mackey
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
John Mackey, co-founder and co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, has led the natural and organic grocer to a $14 billion Fortune 500 company with more than 400 stores and 87,000 team members in three countries.
Walter Robb
Co-Chief Executive Officer
With a long and varied entrepreneurial history in natural foods ranging from retailer to farmer to consultant, Walter Robb, co-CEO, joined Whole Foods Market in 1991.
A.C. Gallo
President and Chief Operating Officer
At an early age, A.C. Gallo was taught to appreciate food and the art of food presentation.
Glenda Flanagan
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Since joining Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ: WFM) as Chief Financial Officer in 1988, Glenda Flanagan has played a major role in the development of the company, which went public in 1992 and has grown from six stores in the late 1980s, to 450 stores and more than $15 billion in sales today.
David Lannon
Executive Vice President of Operations
A supermarket industry veteran of more than 20 years, David Lannon began his career in the Boston area in produce with Bread & Circus in 1986, working his way up to director of operations.
Kenneth J. Meyer
Executive Vice President of Operations
Ken Meyer is the executive vice president of operations at Whole Foods Market.  His responsibilities include overseeing day-to-day operations, development, design, and innovations in existing stores and stores in the pipeline.
Jim Sud
Executive Vice President, Growth and Business Development
Jim Sud is the executive vice president of growth and business development at Whole Foods Market.  As a member of the company’s executive leadership team, his responsibilities include all areas related to company growth, including real estate, mergers and acquisitions, and business development opportunities.
Jason Buechel
Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer
Jason Buechel, executive vice president and chief information officer, is responsible for all aspects of information technology at Whole Foods Market. A member of the company’s executive leadership team, he oversees the global technology team in Austin, Texas and the company’s twelve regional offices located across the United States and in the United Kingdom.
How do Whole Foods’ new 365 grocery stores compare to Trader Joe’s?—TODAY show
Check out these Popsicle + wine pairings created by our global beverage buyer Devon Broglie on :