Learn About Our Leadership Team - Tenet Healthcare


Tenet Health
Aspen Healthcare
Trevor Fetter
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tenet Healthcare
Mr. Fetter was named Tenet’s president in November 2002, and was appointed chief executive officer in September 2003 and chairman in May 2015. From March 2000 to November 2002, Mr. Fetter was chairman and chief executive officer of Broadlane, Inc. From October 1995 to February 2000, he served in several senior management positions at Tenet, including chief financial officer. Mr. Fetter began his career with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, where he concentrated on corporate finance and advisory services for the entertainment and healthcare industries. In 1988, he joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., where he had a broad range of corporate and operating responsibilities, rising to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Fetter holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He is a member of the board of directors of one other public company, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.
Edward A. Kangas
Lead Independent Director
Retired Chairman and CEO Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Mr. Kangas served as global chairman and chief executive officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, an international public accounting and consulting firm, from 1989 until his retirement in 2000. He also served as the managing partner of Deloitte & Touche (USA) from 1989 to 1994. He was elected managing partner and chief executive officer of Touche Ross in 1985, a position he held through 1989. Mr. Kangas began his career as a staff accountant at Touche Ross in 1967, where he became a partner in 1975. Mr. Kangas holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration and an M.B.A. from the University of Kansas. He currently serves as a director of three other public companies, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Intelsat S.A. and United Technologies Corporation, and he formerly served as a director of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. and Eclipsys Corporation. In addition, he is a past chairman of the board of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, and currently serves as a trustee of the Committee for Economic Development. He is also a member of Beta Gamma Sigma Directors’ Table and a life trustee of the board of trustees of the Kansas University Endowment Association. In 2010, Mr. Kangas was named by the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) to its Directors Hall of Fame.
Brenda J. Gaines
Retired President and CEO Diners Club North America
Ms. Gaines served as president and chief executive officer of Diners Club North America, a financial services company and a division of Citigroup Inc., from 2002 until her retirement in March 2004. She also served as president of Diners Club, the nation’s oldest credit card company, from 1999 to 2002 and held a number of senior management positions within Citigroup from 1988 to 1999. From 1983 to 1987, she worked in various management positions for the City of Chicago, including Commissioner of Housing and Deputy Chief of Staff to the Mayor. Ms. Gaines received her bachelor’s degree from the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana and her master’s degree in public administration from Roosevelt University in Chicago. She currently serves on the board of directors of two other public companies, AGL Resources Inc. and Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), and she formerly served as a director of NICOR Inc. and Office Depot, Inc. In 2011 and 2012, Ms. Gaines was named by the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) as a Directorship 100 honoree.
Karen M. Garrison
Retired President Pitney Bowes Business Services
Ms. Garrison served as president of Pitney Bowes Business Services, a business services company and a division of Pitney Bowes Inc., from 1999 until her retirement in 2004. From 1978 to 1999, she held a number of senior management positions at Pitney Bowes and Dictaphone Corporation (then a subsidiary of Pitney Bowes), including vice president of operations and vice president of finance and chief financial officer. Ms. Garrison received her bachelor of science degree in accounting from Rollins College and her M.B.A. from the Florida Institute of Technology. She currently serves on the board of directors of two other public companies, Kaman Corporation and SP Plus Corporation.
J. Robert Kerrey
Managing Director  Allen & Company  Former United States Senator
Mr. Kerrey is a former governor and U.S. Senator from Nebraska. He has served as managing director at Allen & Company, an investment banking firm, since January 2014. He also has served as executive chairman of The Minerva Institute for Research and Scholarship, a non-profit institute that aims to offer exceptional educational experiences to students and advance faculty research, since January 2013. Between January 2011 and February 2013 Mr. Kerrey was President Emeritus of The New School University in New York City, and from 2001 to 2010, he served as president of The New School University. From July 2011 to March 2012, he served as the chairman of M & F Worldwide Education Holdings, a provider of business and home office, technology, data management and education products and services. From January 1989 to December 2000, he served as a U.S. Senator from the State of Nebraska. Before his election to the U.S. Senate, Mr. Kerrey was Governor of the State of Nebraska from January 1982 to December 1987. Prior to entering public service, he founded and operated a chain of restaurants and health clubs. A former member of the elite Navy SEAL Team, Mr. Kerrey is a highly decorated Vietnam veteran who was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor – America’s highest military honor. Mr. Kerrey holds a degree in pharmacy from the University of Nebraska. He formerly served as a director of Genworth Financial, Inc., Jones Apparel Group, Inc. and Scientific Games Corporation.
Freda C. Lewis-Hall, M.D.
Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Lewis-Hall is the executive vice president and chief medical officer of Pfizer Inc., leading the division responsible for ensuring the safe, effective and appropriate use of Pfizer's products. Prior to joining the biopharmaceutical industry, she served as vice chairperson and associate professor of the Department of Psychiatry at Howard University College of Medicine and an advisor to the National Institute of Mental Health. She is a Distinguished Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association and serves on the Board of Governors for the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI), as a member of the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) Advisory Council of the National Institutes of Health, and as chair of NCATS’ Cures Acceleration Network Review Board. She also serves on the Board of Trustees of Save the Children, the Harvard Medical School Board of Fellows, and The Institute of Medicine's Forum on Drug Discovery, Development, and Translation. Dr. Lewis-Hall earned her undergraduate degree at The Johns Hopkins University and her medical degree from Howard University College of Medicine.
Richard R. Pettingill
Retired President and CEO Allina Hospitals and Clinics
Mr. Pettingill served as president and chief executive officer of Allina Hospitals and Clinics, a network of healthcare providers in Minneapolis, Minnesota, from 2002 until his retirement in 2009. While in this role, he also served on the board of directors of the Minnesota Hospital Association and the Minnesota Business Partnership. Prior to joining Allina Hospitals and Clinics, Mr. Pettingill served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Kaiser Foundation Health Plans and Hospitals from 1996 to 2002. From 1991 to 1995, he served as president and chief executive officer of Camino Healthcare. He serves on the board of directors of two other public companies, Accuray Incorporated and Hanger Inc., and he formerly served as a director of MAKO Surgical Corp. Mr. Pettingill received a bachelor’s degree from San Diego State University and a master’s degree in health care administration from San Jose State University. He was a 2010 Fellow in the Advanced Leadership Initiative program at Harvard University.
Matt Ripperger
Mr. Ripperger joined Glenview in February 2008 and was named a Partner and Co-Head of Healthcare in December 2013. Prior to joining Glenview, he was a Managing Director at Citigroup, where he spent four years following healthcare facilities and providers. Before Citigroup, Mr. Ripperger researched small and mid-cap healthcare service companies at JP Morgan, where he was a Vice President. Prior to JP Morgan, he worked as a Senior Analyst at UBS for two years. Mr. Ripperger received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University in 1994.
Ronald A. Rittenmeyer
Chairman of the Board and CEO Millennium Health
Mr. Rittenmeyer serves as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Millennium Health, a health solutions company. He served as the chairman, president and chief executive officer of Expert Global Solutions, Inc., a provider of business process outsourcing services, from 2011 to 2014. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Rittenmeyer held a number of senior management positions with Electronic Data Systems Corporation (EDS), including chairman and chief executive officer from 2007 to 2008, president from 2006 to 2008, chief operating officer from 2005 to 2007 and executive vice president, global service delivery from 2005 to 2006. Prior to that, he was a managing director of the Cypress Group, a private equity firm, serving from 2004 to 2005. He served as chairman, chief executive officer and president of Safety-Kleen Corp. from 2001 to 2004. Among his other leadership roles, Mr. Rittenmeyer served as chief executive officer and president of AmeriServe Food Distribution Inc. from 2000 to 2001, chairman, chief executive officer and president of RailTex, Inc. from 1998 to 2000, president and chief operating officer of Ryder TRS, Inc. from 1997 to 1998, president and chief operating officer of Merisel, Inc. from 1995 to 1996 and chief operating officer of Burlington Northern Railroad Co. from 1994 to 1995. Mr. Rittenmeyer received his bachelor in science degree in commerce and economics from Wilkes University and his M.B.A. from Rockhurst University. He currently serves on the board of directors of two other public companies: American International Group, Inc. (AIG) and IMS Health Holdings, Inc. He also serves as chairman of the U.S. Army War College Board of Visitors and as a member of the executive board of Southern Methodist University’s Cox School of Business.
Tammy Romo
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Southwest Airlines Co.
Ms. Romo is executive vice president and chief financial officer of Southwest Airlines Co., where she is responsible for strategic planning and overall finance activities, including reporting, accounting, investor relations, treasury, tax and financial planning and analysis. Ms. Romo also oversees supply chain management. Ms. Romo previously served in a number of financial management and leadership positions at Southwest Airlines, including senior vice president of planning, vice president and controller, vice president and treasurer, and senior director of investor relations. Before joining Southwest Airlines in 1991, Ms. Romo was an audit manager at Coopers & Lybrand, LLP. Ms. Romo is currently a member of the Accounting Advisory Council at the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin. She received a B.B.A. in accounting from the University of Texas at Austin, and she is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Texas.
Randy Simpson
Mr. Simpson joined Glenview in September 2005 and was named Partner in April 2011. He is the Co-Head of Glenview’s Healthcare team and oversees the Consumer team. Prior to joining Glenview, Mr. Simpson was an equity research analyst at Goldman Sachs from 2003 until 2005. Prior to his work at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Simpson spent three years in the M&A group at Credit Suisse First Boston as a generalist. Mr. Simpson received his M.B.A. in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago in 2000, where he graduated Beta Gamma Sigma. Randy also earned a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1994 and a Bachelor of Arts in Quantitative Economics with High Honors from the University of California, San Diego in 1991.
James A. Unruh
Principal Alerion Capital Group LLC
Mr. Unruh has served as principal of Alerion Capital Group LLC, a private equity firm, since 1998. Prior to founding Alerion, Mr. Unruh was the chairman, president and chief executive officer of Unisys Corporation from 1990 until 1997. Before being named chief executive officer, Mr. Unruh held a number of senior management positions at Unisys and its predecessor corporation, Burroughs Corporation. Mr. Unruh received his bachelor’s degree in business administration from Jamestown College and his M.B.A. from the University of Denver. He currently serves on the board of directors of one other public company, CSG Systems International Inc., and he formerly served as a director of CenturyLink, Inc., Prudential Financial, Inc. and Qwest Communications International. In addition, he serves as chairman of the Board of Trustees of Jamestown College.
Trevor Fetter
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tenet Healthcare
Mr. Fetter was named Tenet’s president in November 2002, and was appointed chief executive officer in September 2003 and chairman in May 2015. From March 2000 to November 2002, Mr. Fetter was chairman and chief executive officer of Broadlane, Inc. From October 1995 to February 2000, he served in several senior management positions at Tenet, including chief financial officer. Mr. Fetter began his career with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, where he concentrated on corporate finance and advisory services for the entertainment and healthcare industries. In 1988, he joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., where he had a broad range of corporate and operating responsibilities, rising to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Fetter holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He is a member of the board of directors of one other public company, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.
Dian Adams
Dian Adams oversees Tenet's professional nursing practice, education, quality, safety, risk and research.
Audrey Andrews
SVP and General Counsel
Audrey Andrews leads all aspects of Tenet's legal activities at the corporate, regional and hospital levels.
Paul Browne
Chief Information Officer and SVP, Applied Informatics
Paul Browne oversees the leadership and strategic direction for Tenet's information technology systems.
Daniel Cancelmi
Chief Financial Officer
Dan Cancelmi oversees Tenet's finance, accounting, investor relations and related functions.
Eric Evans
President of Hospital Operations
Eric Evans oversees all of Tenet’s acute care hospitals and hospital-affiliated outpatient facilities, physician practices and other related healthcare services and functions within the company.
Howard Hacker
SVP, Chief Compliance Officer
Howard Hacker serves as senior vice president and chief compliance officer for Tenet Healthcare, overseeing the company’s ethics and compliance program.
Clint Hailey
Clint Hailey oversees Tenet’s managed care strategy, development and contracting operations.
Mark Kopser
Executive Chairman, Aspen Healthcare
As executive chairman of Aspen Healthcare, Mark Kopser works with Aspen's senior leadership team to provide strategic oversight of the company and its healthcare facilities in the United Kingdom.
Michael Maloney
Mike Maloney leads many of the company’s acquisitions and portfolio optimization initiatives.
Mark R. Montoney, M.D.
Dr. Mark Montoney implements system strategies to advance patient safety and clinical quality.
Stephen Mooney
President and CEO, Conifer Health Solutions
Stephen Mooney leads Conifer in providing healthcare business process services including revenue cycle management, patient communications and population health management.
Keith Pitts
Vice Chairman
Keith Pitts oversees the company’s partnership and corporate development strategies, including acquisitions and joint ventures.
Brendan Strong
Brendan Strong oversees Tenet’s investor relations department and communicates with the financial community regarding the company’s business strategy.
Gary Ruff
SVP, Physician Resources
Gary Ruff oversees the operation of Tenet’s network of physician practices, physician employment and relocation, and practice management services.
Daniel Waldmann
Daniel Waldmann oversees Tenet's public affairs, government relations, communications and community relations functions.
Kristy Waters
Kristy Waters drives strategies to improve hospital performance in the areas of cost efficiency, patient flow and throughput, and the identification and deployment of best practices in Tenet's hospitals.
Robb Webb
Robb Webb provides oversight and direction for Tenet's human resources organization and oversees labor relations, HR services, talent, culture and performance systems, compensation, benefits and corporate HR, and hospital operations HR.
Bill Wilcox
CEO, United Surgical Partners International
Bill Wilcox is the Chief Executive Officer of United Surgical Partners International, the largest provider of ambulatory surgery in the United States and the leading partner for physicians and not-for-profit health systems.
Tim Adams
CEO, Texas Region
Tim Adams oversees the direction, strategy, and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in Texas. 
Sally Deitch
CEO, El Paso Market
Sally Deitch oversees the direction, strategy, and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in the El Paso market.
Michele Finney
CEO, Phoenix Market
Michele Finney oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in the Phoenix market.
Garry Gause
CEO, Southern Region
Garry Gause oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in Alabama, Missouri, South Carolina and Tennessee.
Mike Halter
CEO, Philadelphia Market
Mike Halter oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in the Philadelphia market.
Jeff Koury
CEO, Western Region
Jeff Koury oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in Arizona and California.
Brett Lee
CEO, Dallas Market
Brett Lee oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in the Dallas market.
Joseph Mullany
CEO, Detroit Market
Joe Mullany oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in Detroit, Mich.
Keith Parrott
CEO, Birmingham Market
Keith Parrott oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in the Birmingham, Ala. market.
Marsha Powers
CEO, Florida Region
Marsha Powers oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in South Florida.
Graham Reeve
CEO, San Antonio Market
Graham Reeve oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet’s hospitals and related healthcare services in San Antonio, Texas.
Des Shiels
CEO, Aspen Healthcare
Anthony Tedeschi, M.D.
CEO, Chicago Market
Dr. Anthony Tedeschi oversees the direction, strategy and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in the Chicago market.
Manny M. Vela
CEO, South Texas Market
Manny Vela oversees the direction, strategy, and operations for Tenet's hospitals and related healthcare services in the South Texas market.
1445 Ross Ave, Suite 1400
Tenet Health