Our Team


Zipcar
Maggiore
General Supplier Inquiries
 - Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Lynn Boccio
 - Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Susan Pettit
 - Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Lyndelle Abela
 - Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department
Robert Bouta
Vice President, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Lynn Boccio
Lynn Boccio heads the supplier diversity team at Avis Budget Group and oversees the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program at the Company's airport locations, as well as its corporate world headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey.
Lynn is involved in several outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and in the New York Metropolitan Area. She is presently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Women Presidents’ Educational Organization and the 2nd Vice Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council. In addition, Lynn serves on the Board of Directors of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. Lynn has held numerous other positions on other regional and national boards and committees that advocate for minority and woman businesses.
Lynn has been repeatedly awarded for the excellence she displays in the Supplier Diversity field. In 1999 she became the first woman ever to be honored by the Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. That same year, Minority Business News USA selected Lynn to appear in the limited special edition “Best of the Decade in Supplier/Workforce Diversity 1990-2000” for her contributions over the previous 10 years in the area of minority business. She was awarded the 2002 Women & Diversity Award from America’s Athletes with Disabilities. Lynn has also made various television appearances on “Hispanic Business Today,” a weekly program on WNBC-TV in New York, and was MBE Advocate of the Year in New York City at the New York New Jersey Minority Purchasing Council’s Annual Partnership Awards Gala. In 2004, Lynn received the prestigious Award of the Chair of the Airport Minority Advisory Council, recognizing Lynn’s outstanding, direct and personal contributions toward the success of AMAC. Avis Budget Group has also recognized her twice for her outstanding work at making the Avis and Budget brands more diverse.
Prior to joining Avis in 1996, Lynn practiced as a defense attorney with one of the nation’s leading law firms. She is a former prosecutor who worked for television personality “Judge Judy,” and as Assistant Corporation Counsel for the City of New York, she defended the City in high profile cases. On top of her role with Avis Budget Group, Lynn is a faculty member at The National Institute of Trial Advocacy at Hofstra University School of Law in Hempstead, NY. Lynn holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Ohio State University and a Juris Doctor from the Hofstra University School of Law. She is fluent in Spanish and lives on Long Island with her two daughters.
Senior Procurement Specialist, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Susan Pettit
Susan Pettit gained more than fifteen years of procurement experience in the Purchasing Department with Avis Rent A Car System, Inc. prior to joining the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations team in 2002. In her various capacities in Purchasing, Susan set up, implemented and maintained numerous national account programs and was responsible for purchasing the commercial print/forms in addition to maintaining inventory for over 100 line items. Through the years of close contact with field operations and the World Headquarters business units, Susan has acquired the working knowledge of the company’s various department operations and their specific procurement requirements. As Senior Buyer in the Purchasing Department, Susan worked closely with the Strategic Business & Diversity Relations unit to infuse certified Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman-owned businesses into the supplier chain. Being an advocate of Disadvantaged, Minority and Woman business development, Susan was a natural addition to the unit.
Susan is involved in and coordinates outreach activities designed to increase supplier diversity and community relations both nationally and locally. Her main responsibility includes increasing corporate and airport utilization of diverse suppliers. She is an active member of a number of local supplier advocacy organizations throughout the New York Metropolitan area, and participates in various airport, national, and regional supplier advocacy events throughout the United States.
Program Coordinator, Strategic Business & Diversity Relations
Lyndelle Abela
Lyndelle Abela, joined our unit in 2005, after serving in various capacities in the Information Technology Department for Avis Rent A Car System. With the Avis Budget Group since 2001, Lyndelle’s background includes more than 25 years experience working in the accounting, engineering, and IT fields. As the program coordinator, Lyndelle works with all members of the team and serves as a liaison between our department and others within the company. She also works extensively with our advocacy group partners, helping promote our team commitment to diversity. In addition, she lends critical support to our team, communicating with aviation boards on daily issues and processing all departmental invoices. She also arranges our team’s numerous trips to trade fairs and conferences across the nation.
Senior Vice President, Properties & Facilities Department
Robert Bouta
Bob Bouta is responsible for the management and construction for all Avis and Budget airport and urban locations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Caribbean. He has direct oversight of supplier diversity efforts at all of Avis Budget Group’s domestic airport locations.
Bob is a twenty-five year veteran in the real estate and airport business with previous positions at APCOA, Airport Logistics and the Welsh Companies, and another car rental company.
Bob is a graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in Political Science and earned a Juris Doctor cum laude from William Mitchell College of Law. He is admitted to the bar in both Minnesota and New York.
Zipcar