Executive Officers


About Henry Schein
Henry Schein at a Glance
Executive Officers
Mission Statement & Corporate Charter
Team Schein
Executive Officers
 > Executive Officers
About Henry Schein
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Since 1989, Mr. Bergman has been Chairman of the Board and CEO of Henry Schein, Inc., a Fortune 500® company and the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners, with nearly 19,000 Team Schein Members and operations or affiliates in 33 countries. The Company's 2015 sales reached a record $10.6 billion. Henry Schein is ranked #1 in its industry on Fortune's 2016 World's Most Admired Companies List, and #1 in each of the list's nine categories of corporate success. Henry Schein has been a Fortune World's Most Admired company for 15 consecutive years.
Mr. Bergman serves as a board member or advisor for numerous institutions including New York University College of Dentistry; the University of Pennsylvania School of Dental Medicine; the Columbia University Medical Center; Hebrew University; Tel Aviv University; the University of Witwatersrand Fund; World Economic Forum's Health Care Governors; the Forsyth Institute; the Business Council for International Understanding; and the Metropolitan Opera. Mr. Bergman is an honorary member of the American Dental Association and the Alpha Omega Dental Fraternity. His awards include being the recipient of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor; the CR Magazine Corporate Responsibility Lifetime Achievement Award; a Doctor of Humane Letters from A.T. Still University's Arizona School of Dentistry and Oral Health; and Honorary Fellowship of King's College London, and the International College of Dentistry.
Mr. Bergman, his wife, Marion Bergman, and their family are active supporters of organizations fostering the arts, higher education, cultural diversity and grassroots health care and sustainable entrepreneurial economic development initiatives in the United States, Africa and other developing regions of the world.
Mr. Bergman is a graduate of the University of Witwatersrand in South Africa, and is a South African Chartered Accountant and a NYS Certified Public Accountant (CPA).
Gerald A. Benjamin
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Mr. Benjamin is now in his 28th year with Henry Schein, Inc. He has been Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Henry Schein, Inc. since February 2000. He also serves as a member of the Company's Board of Directors, the CEO's Executive Management Committee, and the Company's liaison to the Board's Compensation Committee.
In his current position, Mr. Benjamin directs the Company's Global Services functions throughout North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. These functions include all aspects of the Supply Chain (Distribution, Inventory Management and Transportation), Human Resources, Information Services, Customer Services, Security, and Financial Operations.
Under Henry Schein's global distribution operations, Mr. Benjamin manages 4.5 million square feet of distribution space from which over 14 million orders are shipped annually, with inventory buys of over $6 billion worldwide. Under Mr. Benjamin's leadership, the Company has led the industry in worldwide distribution efficiency and accuracy.
Mr. Benjamin also guides all aspects of human resources and organizational development, with nearly 19,000 Team Schein Members in 33 countries around the world. In addition to spearheading innovative professional development initiatives, Mr. Benjamin has ensured that the Company's unique values-based culture has been preserved and strengthened as the organization has experienced exponential growth through scores of strategic global acquisitions. This culture is marked by Henry Schein's commitment to social responsibility.
Mr. Benjamin currently sits as a Board of Director of the Henry Schein Cares Foundation, the Company's global social responsibility program, and has directed all internally driven programs for Henry Schein Cares including Back to School and Holiday Cheer for Children, two annual flagship programs that give back to the less fortunate.
In 2014, Mr. Benjamin was honored as an Ellis Island Medal of Honor recipient for founding "Henry Schein Cares" and for his support of YAI (Young Adult Institute) which serves individuals with disabilities. Mr. Benjamin was also honored for his work with MCW (Miracle Corners of the World) which empowers young people to become positive agents for change in their communities.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Benjamin served in a series of positions with increasing responsibility in 12 years with Estée Lauder, Inc., leaving that company as Director of Material Planning & Control. Mr. Benjamin earned a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering at the City College of New York, and an MBA in Marketing at Fordham University at Lincoln Center.
James P. Breslawski
President, Henry Schein, Inc., and CEO, Global Dental Group, Member of the Board of Directors
Mr. Breslawski is now in his 36th year with Henry Schein, Inc., a Fortune® 500 company and the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners. He is currently President of Henry Schein, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein's Global Dental Group, as well as a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee and a member of the Henry Schein Board of Directors.
Before assuming his current position, Mr. Breslawski held a number of key roles with increasing responsibility throughout the Company, including Executive Vice President and President of Henry Schein Dental, the Company's U.S. Dental business; Chief Financial Officer; Vice President of Finance and Administration; and Vice President and Controller. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Breslawski was a certified public accountant at the national professional services firm BDO Seidman, LLP (now known as BDO USA, LLP). He received his degree in accounting from St. John's University.
In addition to being a New York State certified public accountant, Mr. Breslawski is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. He is currently a Member of the Leadership Council at Harvard School of Dental Medicine. He previously has served as a Member of the Board of Governors for St. John's University; a Trustee of the Long Island University Board; and a Board Member of the National Foundation of Dentistry for the Handicapped. Mr. Breslawski also has served as Chairman of the Board of the American Dental Trade Association, Chairman of the Board of the Dental Trade Alliance Foundation and President of the Dental Dealers of America.
Michael S. Ettinger
Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Chief of Staff, Secretary
Mr. Ettinger is now in his 22nd year with Henry Schein, Inc. He is a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
Mr. Ettinger oversees all activities in the legal and regulatory functions; the work of the Company's global communications team; government relations; and the operations of the Office of the CEO, including Henry Schein Cares, the Company's global corporate social responsibility program. In addition, Mr. Ettinger manages the Company's corporate secretary function.
Mr. Ettinger has held a series of positions with increasing responsibility at Henry Schein. Prior to his current position, he served as Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary of Henry Schein, Inc.; Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Vice President and Associate General Counsel, and Associate General Counsel. Before joining the Company, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Associate with Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen.
Mr. Ettinger earned a bachelor's degree in economics at Binghamton University, State University of New York, and a JD/MBA from the University at Buffalo, State University of New York.
James A. Harding
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Mr. Harding is now in his 14th year with Henry Schein, Inc. He currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. He is also a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee. Mr. Harding is responsible for ensuring that information technology remains a competitive advantage for the Company, internally and externally. In this capacity, Mr. Harding leads Henry Schein's Global Practice Solutions Group, as well as the Global Information Services function.
Mr. Harding was formerly Chief Information Officer at Olsten Corporation, a leading health care and staffing services company. Prior to Olsten, Mr. Harding worked 20 years at Mobil Oil Corporation in Strategic Planning, Operations, Finance, and IT, including Chief Information Officer of the America's Marketing & Refining Division and Director of Global IT Architecture.
Mr. Harding earned his M.B.A. in Finance from DePaul University. He is a certified public accountant and received his B.S. degree in accounting from Tennessee Temple University.
Peter McCarthy
President, Global Animal Health Group
Mr. McCarthy is now in his 7th year at Henry Schein, Inc. He is currently the Company's President, Global Animal Health Group, as well as a member of Henry Schein's Executive Management Committee.
In his current position, Mr. McCarthy oversees Henry Schein's animal health business, which spans 19 countries, including the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Malaysia, and 14 countries in Europe.
Before assuming his current position, Mr. McCarthy held key roles at Henry Schein with increasing responsibilities, including President, Henry Schein Animal Health, Europe, and President, Henry Schein Animal Health, International.
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. McCarthy worked at Schering-Plough Animal Health (now Merck Animal Health), serving as Senior Director, Global Operations and General Manager, China. Mr. McCarthy also worked at Wyeth/American Cyanamid for 14 years, helping to grow the human pharmaceutical business.
Mr. McCarthy holds a degree in Applied Biology from the University of Hertfordshire in the U.K., and previously has served as a Member of the Board of the International Federation for Animal Health Europe, and the International Association Executive Animal Health Study Center, CEESA, based in Belgium. Mr. McCarthy is also a graduate and member of the Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM), which is located in the U.K.
Lorelei McGlynn
Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations
Ms. McGlynn, now in her 16th year with Henry Schein, Inc., currently serves as Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations. She is a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
Since joining Henry Schein, Inc. in 1999, Ms. McGlynn has held several key positions with increasing responsibility at the Company, including serving as Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations; Vice President, Finance, North America; Chief Financial Officer, International Group; and Vice President of Global Financial Operations. Through these various roles with the Company, Ms. McGlynn attained significant global experience at Henry Schein's operations around the world.
In her current position, Ms. McGlynn is responsible for managing the Company's Global Human Resources function, including recruiting, organizational development, compensation, benefits and employee relations. In addition, Ms. McGlynn oversees Henry Schein's Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Payroll and Financial Inventory departments. In addition to managing day-to-day Global Human Resources and Financial Operations, Ms. McGlynn leads and participates in numerous special projects, such as system integrations, software implementations, due diligence, Team Schein Member communications, and global best practices.
Prior to joining the Company, Ms. McGlynn served as Assistant Vice President of Finance at Adecco Corporation.
Ms. McGlynn earned a bachelor's degree at the University at Buffalo, State University of New York. She is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Ms. McGlynn is a Senior Professional In Human Resources (SPHR Certified).
Dave C. McKinley
Chief Commercial Officer, Henry Schein, Inc., and President, Corporate Commercial Development Group
Mr. McKinley is Chief Commercial Officer, Henry Schein, Inc., and President of Henry Schein's Corporate Commercial Development Group, which is responsible for coordinating and leveraging the Company's global brand and customer solutions across all of Henry Schein's businesses. In his role as President, Corporate Commercial Development Group, he is also responsible for certain specialty businesses. Mr. McKinley is a member of the Company’s Executive Management Committee.
Before assuming his current position in April 2016, Mr. McKinley was President, Henry Schein Medical Group, which serves physician offices, clinics, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other alternate care market segments. During his eight-year tenure as President of Henry Schein Medical, Mr. McKinley led the doubling of the group's revenue and the integration of the Cardinal Health physician office business. Previously, he was President of Henry Schein Practice Solutions from 2006 to 2008 and President of Dental Prosthetic Solutions from 2005 to 2006.
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. McKinley served as the Group Executive for Olympus Medical North America, the market leader for medical and surgical instruments, endoscopes, and imaging systems. Mr. McKinley served on the Global Endoscopy Executive Committee and as the industry board member of the American Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy foundation. Prior to Olympus, Mr. McKinley was General Manager for the Bard Urology Division and Bard Germany.
Mr. McKinley currently serves as the Chairman of the Health Industry Distributors Association (HIDA) Education Foundation. He graduated from Western Michigan University with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
Bob Minowitz
President, International Dental Group
Now in his 30th year with Henry Schein, Inc., Mr. Minowitz currently serves as President, International Dental Group, a position he has held since 2012. He is a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
Before assuming his current position, Mr. Minowitz held a number of key roles with increasing responsibility throughout the Company, including President, Henry Schein European Dental Group; President, Henry Schein Western Europe, Middle East and Pacific Regions; President, Henry Schein Europe; and Managing Director, Henry Schein U.K. Holdings. Mr. Minowitz has played a key role in establishing Henry Schein's international operations, from the Company's initial European expansion in The Netherlands in 1990 and Spain in 1991, to more recent growth across Europe, Asia, and Australasia.
Throughout his career with Henry Schein, Mr. Minowitz has lived and worked in several countries throughout Europe.
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Minowitz was a Senior Internal Auditor at Bristol-Myers Company. He earned his B.B.A. in Accounting from Pace University, and is a Certified Public Accountant in New York State.
Mark E. Mlotek
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Member of the Board of Directors
Mr. Mlotek, now in his 21st year with Henry Schein, Inc., currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer, a position he has held since 2012. He is a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee and a member of the Company's Board of Directors. In his current role, Mr. Mlotek has three main priorities: worldwide merger and acquisition activity for the Company; business development, including important supplier partnership arrangements; and worldwide strategic planning.
Prior to holding his current position, Mr. Mlotek served as the Company's Senior Vice President of Corporate Business Development, and before that, upon joining the Company in 1994, was Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer Rose, LLP and counsel to the Company, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law. At Proskauer, since 1989, Mr. Mlotek worked very closely with Henry Schein on various corporate matters. Prior to joining Proskauer, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Feit & Ahrens.
Mr. Mlotek graduated from the Columbia University School of Law with high honors in 1980. He received an LL.M. in Taxation from New York University School of Law in 1985, also graduating with honors. Mr. Mlotek graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. degree in accounting from the Herbert Lehman University of City College of New York in 1977. Mr. Mlotek has been active in various charitable organizations, many of which help the perpetuation of the Yiddish language and culture. From 1996–2000, he served on the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
Mr. Mlotek is a member of the New York State Bar Association.
Steven Paladino
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Board of Directors
Now in his 28th year with Henry Schein, Inc., Mr. Paladino has held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Henry Schein since 2000, and has been Chief Financial Officer since 1993. Mr. Paladino is a member of the Company's Board of Directors and the Executive Management Committee.
From 1990 to 1992, Mr. Paladino served as Vice President and Treasurer for Henry Schein, Inc., and from 1987 to 1990, he served as Corporate Controller. A certified public accountant, he was with BDO Seidman, LLP (now known as BDO USA, LLP) as Manager, General Audit and Consulting Services prior to joining Henry Schein in 1987.
Mr. Paladino's responsibilities include the corporate oversight of business units, as well as direct responsibility for Corporate Finance. These corporate services include Financial Reporting, Financial Planning, Treasury, Investor Relations, Internal Audit, Risk Management and Taxation. He also has responsibility for Henry Schein Financial Services, which provides financial business services to Henry Schein's customers and works with Henry Schein's Corporate Business Development Group on Mergers and Acquisition activities. Mr. Paladino led the Company through the corporate reorganization and separation from Schein Pharmaceutical in 1993 and through the IPO process in 1995.
Currently, Mr. Paladino is a member of the American Institute of CPAs, NYS Society of CPAs and the Institute of Management Accountants. He is also a NASDAQ Listing and Hearing Review Council member. The primary function of the Listing and Hearing Review Council is to provide advice to the Board of Directors of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC on issues relating to listing rule and policy changes and enhancements that will protect investors and the integrity of the NASDAQ Stock Market; and to ensure the consistent and fair application and enforcement of the listing rules, procedures, and policies of NASDAQ. He is also a member of the Board of Directors for MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading distributor of Metalworking and Maintenance, Repair and Operations products and services to industrial customers throughout North America.
Mr. Paladino is the recipient of the 2013 Long Island Business News CFO Lifetime Achievement Award; ranked third on the 2009 and 2012 Institutional Investor Award List– Best CFO Award—Health Care Technology and Distribution Sector; and the recipient of the 1996 Financial Executive of the Year—IMA Award. Mr. Paladino holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Bernard M. Baruch College.
Karen Prange
Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer — Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group
Ms. Prange is Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group. She is also a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
Before assuming her current position in May 2016, Ms. Prange was Senior Vice President and President, Urology and Pelvic Health at Boston Scientific Corporation, and a member of its ExecutiveCommittee. Previously, she spent 17 years with Johnson & Johnson, helping to grow various medical device businesses. A recognized leader, Ms. Prange has a significant track record in delivering results through strategic change, market development, and global product innovation and commercialization. She is a member of The Committee of 200, (C200), an invitation-only membership organization of the world's most successful women business leaders.
Ms. Prange earned her BS in Business Administration with honors from the University of Florida, and has completed executive education coursework at UCLA Anderson School of Business and Smith College.
Michael Racioppi
Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer
Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer Mr. Racioppi is now in his 23rd year with Henry Schein, Inc. He was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer in January of 2008. He previously served as President of the Henry Schein Medical Group since 1999. Prior to holding that position, he was Vice President of the Company since 1994, with primary responsibility for the Medical Division, the Marketing and Merchandising Groups. Mr. Racioppi served as Vice President and as Senior Director, Corporate Merchandising from 1992 to 1994. He is a member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
Mr. Racioppi is the past chair of the Health Industry Distributors Association (HIDA). He also serves on the board of the National Distribution and Contracting (NDC). Before joining the Company he was employed by Ketchum Distributors, Inc. as the Vice President of Purchasing and Marketing. He graduated from the University of Rhode Island with a B.S. in Pharmacy.
Paul Rose
Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain
Paul Rose, now in his 13th year with Henry Schein, Inc., is currently Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain. He is a Member of the Company's Executive Management Committee.
As Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain, Paul is directly responsible for distribution, inventory and product mix to support the Company's Global Dental, Medical, Animal Health businesses. Paul's team generates over $6 billion of product purchases each year and maintains a robust level of inventory that enables Henry Schein to service its customers with product fill rates of over 98% on a global basis.
Paul is also responsible for working with the Henry Schein's senior management team to establish and implement Worldwide Supply Chain procedures and guidelines. In addition to Paul's Global Supply Chain's responsibilities, he manages the Company's Inventory Management team, which includes Purchasing and Product Data Management. Paul also manages the Global Distribution Services, Inbound and Outbound Transportation, EDI and Supplier Partnership Program. Additionally, Paul manages Henry Schein's Global Sourcing Team.
Before assuming his current position, Mr. Rose held a number of key roles with increasing responsibility throughout the Company, including Vice President, Corporate Inventory Management. He has also served on the HIDA Supply Chain Advisory Council and as NWDA Pharmaceutical Market Committee Chairman.
Walter Siegel
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Now in his third year, Mr. Siegel currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Counsel.
Mr. Siegel directs the Company's worldwide legal functions and activities, advising the Company on a broad range of legal matters affecting various business units. Mr. Siegel manages the Company's mergers and acquisitions activities, litigation portfolio, intellectual property portfolio, and SEC reporting. He also manages input from outside counsel on corporate and litigation matters, and oversees and participates in drafting a broad range of commercial documents and contracts between the Company's business units (and affiliates) and third parties.
Mr. Siegel comes to Henry Schein with a diverse and wide background of legal expertise, including mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, securities, litigation and regulatory. Mr. Siegel previously held the position of Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global semiconductor company. Mr. Siegel is a Yale Law School graduate.
Dental Sitemap
Follow Henry Schein on: