Officers / Board : EOG Resources, Inc.


Vendor Contracts
Janet F. Clark, 61
Director since 2014
Ms. Clark has extensive leadership and financial experience, having most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon Oil Corporation (“Marathon”) from January 2007 until her retirement in October 2013. Prior to that, she was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon from January 2004 to January 2007. From 2001 through 2003, Ms. Clark served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuevo Energy Company and, from 1997 until 2000, she held various roles at Santa Fe Snyder Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Administration.
Ms. Clark is also a director of Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (since 2015), a specialty finance company and regulated management investment company, where she serves as a member of the Audit, Compliance, Compensation, Contract Review, and Governance and Nominating Committees, and of Texas Instruments Incorporated (since 2015), a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company, where she serves as a member of the Audit Committee.
In addition, Ms. Clark served on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of Dell Inc. from September 2011 to October 2013, including service as chairperson of the Audit Committee during 2013. Ms. Clark also served on the Board of Directors of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (and its predecessor company, Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.) from 2003 until September 2011 (including service as Audit Committee chairperson from 2004 to 2011).
Charles R. Crisp, 68
Director since 2002
Mr. Crisp began his career in the oil and gas industry over 40 years ago with Conoco Inc. and has held senior management positions with numerous energy companies, including (i) Coral Energy, LLC, a subsidiary of Shell Oil Company, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1999 until his retirement in November 2000 and as President and Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 1999; (ii) Houston Industries Incorporated, where he served as President of the power generation group from 1996 to 1998; and (iii) Tejas Gas Corporation, a major intrastate natural gas pipeline company, where he served as President, Chief Operating Officer and a director from 1988 to 1996.
Mr. Crisp has also accumulated over 13 years of experience as a director of publicly traded energy companies. Mr. Crisp is currently a director of three other public companies: (i) AGL Resources Inc. (since 2003), a natural gas distribution and marketing and energy services company, where he currently serves on the Compensation Committee and Executive Committee and as chairperson of the Finance and Risk Management Committee; (ii) Targa Resources Corp. (since 2005), a provider of midstream natural gas and natural gas liquids services, where he currently serves on the Compensation Committee, as chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and as chair of the meetings of the non-management directors; and (iii) Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (since 2002), an operator of regulated exchanges, trading platforms and clearing houses, where he currently serves on the Compensation and Audit Committees. Mr. Crisp also serves as a director of ICE Futures U.S., Inc. and ICE Trade Vault LLC, each a subsidiary of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.
Member, Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees; 2016 Presiding Director
James C. Day, 72
Director since 2008
Mr. Day has extensive leadership experience serving as a member of senior management in various roles at Noble Corporation, including as Chairman of the Board from 1992 until his retirement in May 2007, Chief Executive Officer from 1984 until October 2006 and President from 1984 to 1999 and again from 2003 until February 2006. Noble Corporation is a publicly traded company and one of the world’s largest offshore drilling companies.
Mr. Day is also a director of Tidewater Inc. (since 2007), a publicly traded provider of large offshore service vessels to the energy sector worldwide, where he serves on the Audit Committee (chairperson) and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and of ONEOK, Inc. (since 2004), the publicly traded general partner of ONEOK Partners, L.P., a provider of natural gas gathering, processing, storage and transportation services, where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Corporate Governance Committee. From 1993 to May 2006, Mr. Day served as a director of Global Industries, Ltd., a publicly traded provider of offshore marine construction services and Noble Energy, Inc., a worldwide independent energy company, where he served as a member of various committees, including compensation, audit and nomination.
Mr. Day is past chairman of the International Association of Drilling Contractors and the National Ocean Industries Association, and he is an honorary director of the American Petroleum Institute, Trustee of The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation and President of the James C. and Teresa K. Day Foundation. Mr. Day has held numerous other leadership positions with various industry and civic associations throughout his career.
Chairman, Compensation Committee; Member, Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees
H. Leighton Steward, 81
Director since 2004
Mr. Steward has extensive experience in the oil and gas exploration and production industry, having served in various senior management roles with The Louisiana Land and Exploration Company, a publicly traded oil and gas exploration and production company, including President, Chief Operating Officer and, from 1989 until its acquisition by Burlington Resources Inc. in 1997, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Steward subsequently served as Vice Chairman of Burlington Resources, a publicly traded oil and gas exploration, production and development company, until his retirement in 2000.
Mr. Steward is former Chairman of the U.S. Oil and Gas Association and the Natural Gas Supply Association, and he is currently an honorary director of the American Petroleum Institute.
Mr. Steward is also currently an author-partner of Sugar Busters, LLC, a provider of seminars, books and products related to helping people follow a healthy and nutritious lifestyle, and Chairman of the non-profit corporations Plants Need CO and CO Is Green, providers of information related to carbon dioxide’s impact on the global climate and the plant and animal kingdoms.
Donald F. Textor, 69
Director since 2001
Mr. Textor is currently Portfolio Manager of the Dorset Energy Fund, an energy fund which invests primarily in the equity securities of companies in the energy industry. Mr. Textor was previously employed by Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he was a partner and managing director until his retirement in March 2001 and where he had 21 years of experience as the firm’s senior security analyst for domestic oil and gas exploration and production companies.
Mr. Textor is also currently a director of Trilogy Energy Corp., a petroleum and natural gas-focused Canadian energy corporation, where he serves as a member of the Compensation Committee.
As a result of serving in these roles and serving as a member of our Audit Committee since May 2001 (including as Chairman from May 2001 until February 2015), Mr. Textor has accumulated significant leadership and financial reporting experience as well as extensive knowledge of the oil and gas exploration and production industry.
William R. Thomas, 63
Director since 2013
Mr. Thomas was named Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 2014. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from July 2013 through December 2013 and as President from September 2011 to July 2013. Mr. Thomas previously held other leadership positions at EOG, including Senior Executive Vice President, Exploitation and Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration. Mr. Thomas has been with EOG and its predecessor companies for over 37 years.
Mr. Thomas has also previously served as the General Manager of EOG’s Fort Worth, Texas, Midland, Texas and Corpus Christi, Texas offices, where he was instrumental in EOG’s successful exploration, development and exploitation of various key resource plays. Mr. Thomas joined HNG Oil Company, a predecessor of EOG, in January 1979.
In addition, Mr. Thomas is a director of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (since 2015), a provider of oilfield services and equipment to the upstream oil and gas industry worldwide, where he serves on the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.
Frank G. Wisner, 77
Director since 1997
Mr. Wisner concluded his more than 35-year career with the U.S. State Department by serving as U.S. Ambassador to India from 1994 to 1997. Following his retirement as U.S. Ambassador to India, Mr. Wisner served as Vice Chairman, External Affairs of American International Group, Inc., a publicly traded international insurance and financial services company (“AIG”), from 1997 until his retirement in March 2009. Mr. Wisner has served in the roles of International Affairs Advisor and Foreign Affairs Advisor with Squire Patton Boggs, a multinational law firm (formerly, Patton Boggs LLP), since 2009.
In addition to his extensive international and governmental affairs experience, Mr. Wisner has accumulated diverse business experience. From 2001 to 2015, Mr. Wisner served as a director of Ethan Allen Interiors Inc., a publicly traded residential furniture company, where he served as a member of the Nominations Committee. Mr. Wisner is currently a director of AIG Property Casualty Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AIG and a leading U.S. and international property and casualty and general insurer. In addition, he serves on the board of AIG Property Casualty International, LLC, a subsidiary of AIG, and on the advisory board of Ergo, a provider of intelligence, political and economic risk analysis, market opportunities, competitive assessments and strategy consulting to investment firms, Fortune 500 companies, law firms and governments.
Chairman, Nominating and Governance Committee; Member, Audit and Compensation Committees
William R. Thomas
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Gary L. Thomas
President and Chief Operating Officer
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.
Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
David W. Trice
Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Timothy K. Driggers
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Michael P. Donaldson
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Robert K. Garrison
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Denver
Cedric W. Burgher
Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations
Raymond L. Ingle
Senior Vice President, Operations Support
Nathan J. Andrews
Vice President and General Manager, Oklahoma City
Sandeep Bhakhri
Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Kenneth W. Boedeker
Vice President, Engineering and Acquisitions
John J. Boyd, III
Vice President and General Manager, San Antonio
Kenneth E. Dunn
Vice President and General Manager, Tyler
Patricia L. Edwards
Vice President, Human Resources and Administration
Marc R. Eschenburg
Vice President, Marketing Services
Kevin S. Hanzel
Vice President, Audit
Ann D. Janssen
Vice President, Accounting
Kenneth D. Marbach
Vice President and General Manager, Corpus Christi
Ronald D. Oden
Vice President and General Manager, Fort Worth and Pittsburgh
Richard A. Ott
Vice President, Tax
Frederick J. Plaeger, II
Vice President, Government Relations
Charles E. Sheppard
Vice President, Exploration
Robert C. Smith
Vice President, Drilling
D. Lance Terveen
Vice President, Marketing Operations
Steven D. Wentworth
Vice President, Land
Robert L. West
Vice President and Treasurer
J. Pat Woods
Vice President and General Manager, International
Ezra Y. Yacob
Vice President and General Manager, Midland
James C. Fletcher
Controller, Land Administration
Joseph C. Landry
Controller, Operations Accounting
Gary Y. Peng
Controller, Financial Reporting
Amos J. Oelking, III
Deputy Corporate Secretary