HRG | Our Team


CorAmerica
Omar M. Asali
President and Chief Executive Officer
Omar M. Asali is Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the Board of Directors of HRG Group.
Omar M. Asali is Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the Board of Directors of HRG Group. Mr. Asali is also the Vice Chairman of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., the Chairman of HGI Asset Management Holdings, LLC and a member of the Board of the Directors of Fidelity & Guaranty Life, Front Street Re (Cayman) Ltd, Zap.Com Corporation, and Compass Production GP, LLC, each a subsidiary of HRG Group.
Mr. Asali is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of HRG Group, including M&A activity and overall business strategy for HRG Group and HRG Group’s underlying subsidiaries. Mr. Asali has been directly involved in all of HRG Group’s acquisitions across all sectors, and he is actively involved in HRG Group’s management and investment activities. Prior to becoming President of HRG Group, Mr. Asali was a Managing Director and Head of Global Strategy of Harbinger Capital Partners LLC, an affiliate of HRG Group, where he was responsible for global portfolio strategy and business development.
Before joining Harbinger Capital in 2009, Mr. Asali was the co-head of Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund Strategies (“Goldman Sachs HFS”) where he helped manage approximately $25 billion of capital allocated to external managers. Mr. Asali also served as co-chair of the Investment Committee at Goldman Sachs HFS. Before joining Goldman Sachs HFS in 2003, Mr. Asali worked in Goldman Sachs’ Investment Banking Division, providing M&A and strategic advisory services to clients in the High Technology Group. Mr. Asali previously worked at Capital Guidance, a boutique private equity firm. Mr. Asali began his career working for a public accounting firm. Mr. Asali received an MBA from Columbia Business School and a B.S. in Accounting from Virginia Tech.
George C. Nicholson
Acting Chief Financial Officer
George C. Nicholson serves as the Acting Chief Financial Officer of HRG
George Nicholson serves as the Acting Chief Financial Officer since January 2016. In November 2015, the Company appointed Mr. Nicholson to the position of Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. Mr. Nicholson has been employed by HGI Asset Management, a subsidiary of the Company, since May 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Nicholson served as Vice President and Controller of FGL Insurance from August 2007 through May 2013. Prior to joining FGL Insurance, Mr. Nicholson served as Chief Accounting Officer of Capital Bank Corporation from September 2005 to August 2007 and previously held executive positions at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and London Pacific Life & Annuity Company. Mr. Nicholson spent 10 years with Ernst & Young ending as a Senior Manager specializing in the energy and financial services industry. Mr. Nicholson is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Kentucky and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Eastern Kentucky University.
David M. Maura
Managing Director and Executive Vice President of Investments
David Maura has served as a Managing Director and Executive Vice President of Investments of HRG Group (“HRG”) effective as of October 2011, and as a director of HRG since May 2011.
Mr. Maura has also served as the Chairman of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of HRG, since July 2011, and as the interim Chairman of the board of directors of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. and as one of its directors since June 2010. Prior to becoming Managing Director and Executive Vice President of Investments at HRG, Mr. Maura was a Vice President and Director of Investments of Harbinger Capital Partners LLC (“Harbinger Capital”), an affiliate of HRG. Prior to joining Harbinger Capital in 2006, Mr. Maura was a Managing Director and Senior Research Analyst at First Albany Capital, where he focused on distressed debt and special situations, primarily in the consumer products and retail sectors. Prior to First Albany, Mr. Maura was a Director and Senior High Yield Research Analyst in Global High Yield Research at Merrill Lynch & Co. Mr. Maura was a Vice President and Senior Analyst in the High Yield Group at Wachovia Securities, where he covered various consumer product, service and retail companies. Mr. Maura began his career at ZPR Investment Management as a Financial Analyst. During the past five years, Mr. Maura has served on the board of directors of Russell Hobbs (formerly Salton, Inc.), Applica Incorporated, and Ferrous Resources Ltd. Mr. Maura received a B.S. in Business Administration from Stetson University and is a CFA charterholder.
Ehsan Zargar
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Ehsan Zargar serves as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of HRG Group.
Ehsan Zargar serves as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of HRG Group. Mr. Zargar joined the Company in June 2011 as a member of the legal department and since then has served in positions of increasing responsibility.
From November 2006 to June 2011, Mr. Zargar was an Associate in the New York office of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP. Prior to that, Mr. Zargar worked as an Associate at a major international law firm. Mr. Zargar received his J.D. from the Faculty of Law at the University of Toronto and a B.A from the University of Toronto.
James Hart
Senior Vice President of Communications
James Hart serves as the Senior Vice President of Communications at HRG with responsibility for investor and media relations and brand management.
James Hart has served as the Senior Vice President of Communications at HRG with responsibility for investor and media relations and brand management since April 2014.
Prior to joining HRG Group in April of 2014, Mr. Hart served in senior communications roles at Affinion Group, Inc., IAC/InterActive Corp. and BearingPoint. Previously, Mr. Hart spent more than 8 years with AT&T, Inc., where he held a variety of positions with increasing responsibility in the areas of finance, operations and sales and marketing. Mr. Hart received his B.S.B.A. in Accounting and Finance from Boston University.