Officers & Directors | Travelers Insurance


Open mobile menu
Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Open Mobile Search Panel
Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Jay Fishman is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Travelers. He has served as Chief Executive Officer since the April 1, 2004, merger of The St. Paul Companies, Inc. with Travelers Property Casualty Corp., and he assumed the additional role of Chairman in September 2005. From October 2001 until April 2004, Fishman had been Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of The St. Paul Companies, Inc. He held several key executive posts at Citigroup Inc. from 1998 to October 2001, including Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Travelers insurance business. Starting in 1989, Fishman worked as an executive at Primerica Corporation, which became part of Citigroup. He is a director of ExxonMobil Corporation and of Carlyle Group Management L.L.C. He serves as Chairman of the Board of New York City Ballet, a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania, and a trustee of the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital.
Brian W. MacLean
President and Chief Operating Officer
Brian MacLean is President and Chief Operating Officer of Travelers, a position he has held since June 2008. He is responsible for all insurance operations, including Business and International Insurance, Personal Insurance, and Bond & Financial Products, and oversees the company’s runoff businesses. He is also responsible for Claim Services, including claim service delivery and technical claim results. From 2002 to 2005, MacLean was Executive Vice President, Claim Services, and from 1999 to 2002 he was President of Select Accounts. MacLean served in a number of senior financial roles after joining Travelers in 1988 from Peat Marwick (now KPMG LLP). He holds a bachelor’s degree from Fordham University and a master’s degree from the University of South Carolina.
Jay S. Benet
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Jay Benet is Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Travelers, a position he has held since August 2005. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from April 2004, and held the same positions at Travelers Property Casualty from February 2002. Benet was the worldwide head of financial planning, analysis and reporting at Citigroup from March 2001 until January 2002, and Chief Financial Officer for Citigroup’s Global Consumer Europe, Middle East and Africa unit between April 2000 and March 2001. Previously, he spent 10 years in various executive positions with Travelers Life & Annuity, including Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Group Annuity from December 1998 to April 2000, and Senior Vice President Group Annuity from December 1996 to December 1998. Prior to joining Travelers Life & Annuity, Benet was a partner of Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers).
Irwin R. Ettinger
Vice Chairman
Irwin Ettinger is Vice Chairman of Travelers, a position he has held since April 2004. He was previously Vice Chairman of The St. Paul Companies, Inc., from June 2002. Ettinger joined Citigroup in 1987 and served as the Chief Accounting and Tax Officer from 1998 to May 2002. He was previously with Arthur Young & Co. (now Ernst & Young) where he was a partner for 18 years.
William H. Heyman
Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer
Bill Heyman is Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer for Travelers, a position he has held since May 2005. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer at Travelers and The St. Paul Companies, Inc., which he joined in May 2002 from Citigroup, where he was Chairman of Citigroup Investments. He was previously a Managing Director of Salomon Brothers and Director of Market Regulation at the Securities and Exchange Commission. Heyman graduated from Princeton University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and Harvard Law School. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the Financial Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the Advisory Board of the Bendheim Center for Finance at Princeton University, and the Council on Foreign Relations. Heyman was appointed by President George W. Bush in 2007 as a director of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) where he served for four years.
Alan D. Schnitzer
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Business and International Insurance
Alan Schnitzer will become Chief Executive Officer of Travelers, effective December 1, 2015, and has been appointed to the company’s Board of Directors, effective the same date. He is currently Vice Chairman of The Travelers Companies, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of the company’s Business and International Insurance segment. Previously, Schnitzer led the company’s Financial, Professional and International Insurance segment. In addition to his business line responsibilities, Schnitzer oversees Travelers’ Field Management, Corporate Communications, and Public Policy organizations and is a member of the company’s Management and Operating committees. Schnitzer joined Travelers in April 2007. He previously served as the company’s lead outside counsel as a partner in the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, where he advised corporate clients on a variety of transactions, and general corporate law matters. Schnitzer serves on the Advisory Board for the University of Pennsylvania’s Institute for Urban Research and on the Board of Directors of the Connecticut Council for Education Reform. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and served on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s Investor Advisory Committee created under the Dodd-Frank Act. He serves on the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Business Committee and is a member of The Economic Club of New York. Schnitzer received his undergraduate degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in finance and accounting and his J.D. from Columbia Law School.
Doreen Spadorcia
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Personal Insurance and Bond & Specialty
Doreen Spadorcia is Vice Chairman, Technology, Claim Services, Operations, and Risk Control, and Chief Executive Officer of Personal Insurance and Bond & Specialty Insurance. She also oversees Analytics, Customer Service, Marketing, Operations and Systems, eBusiness, and Special Liability Group. Spadorcia was named Chief Executive Officer of Bond & Financial Products in 2014, and was appointed to lead the claim organization and to serve on the Management Committee in 2005. Since joining Travelers in 1986 as a claim attorney, Spadorcia has held positions of increasing responsibility. In 2009, she assumed the role of CEO, Personal Insurance, in addition to leading Claim Services. Before that, she was President and CEO of the Bond business unit. From 1994 to 2002, she managed the Travelers Bond claim operation and served as General Counsel. She holds a bachelor’s degree from Eastern Michigan University, a J.D. (Order of the Coif), and a master’s degree in International Relations from Florida State University. She serves on the Board of Directors of the Travelers Foundation, KickStart International, Inc., and The Institutes.
Andy F. Bessette
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Andy Bessette is Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer for Travelers. He has responsibility for Corporate Real Estate, Administrative Services, Community Relations, Aviation, Internal Investigations, Event Management, Business Continuity, and Sports Sponsorships including the company’s official marketing partnership with the PGA TOUR and title sponsorship of the Travelers Championship. Bessette has held a number of management positions during his time with Travelers.
Robert C. Brody
Executive Vice President, Claim Services
Bob Brody is Executive Vice President of Claim Services for Travelers, with responsibility for all Claim functions, a position he has held since October 2012. From 2010 to 2012, he was Senior Vice President of Global Operations for Claim and Risk Control. Previously, he held senior level responsibility for Risk Control, Investigative Services and International Claim. Brody joined Travelers in 1991. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Boston University and a master’s degree from Northeastern University.
Lisa Caputo
Executive Vice President, Marketing and Communications
Lisa Caputo is Executive Vice President of Marketing and Communications for Travelers. She leads the company’s marketing, research and corporate communications functions. She joined Travelers after 12 years at Citigroup, where she was Citi’s first corporate Chief Marketing Officer and led the company’s global marketing, public affairs and community relations functions as Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs. She founded Citi’s leading women’s financial services business, Women & Co., and was its Chairman and CEO from 2000 to 2010. Caputo held senior executive marketing and communications positions at the Walt Disney Company and the CBS Corporation. She spent over a decade in the public sector, serving as Deputy Assistant to President Clinton and Press Secretary to First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton at the White House, and as a press secretary in the US Senate and US House of Representatives. Caputo is a director of Best Buy Co., Inc., was appointed by President Obama to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board and is a member of several non-profit boards. She holds a bachelor’s degree in political science and French from Brown University and a master’s degree in journalism from Northwestern University.
John P. Clifford Jr.
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
John Clifford is Executive Vice President of Human Resources for Travelers, a position he has held since May 2007. He has led Human Resources for the company since the April 2004 merger of The St. Paul Companies, Inc., and Travelers Property Casualty Corp., and he led Human Resources for The St. Paul Companies from 2002. Clifford, who has more than 30 years’ experience in Human Resources, joined The St. Paul Companies in 1984 as a compensation analyst. He was promoted to Compensation Manager later that year; to Compensation and Benefits Officer in 1994; and to Vice President of Compensation and Benefits in 1999.
Fred Donner
Executive Vice President, Enterprise Risk Management and Chief Financial Officer, Business and International Insurance
Fred Donner is Executive Vice President, Enterprise Risk Management for Travelers, responsible for overseeing the identification and management of all risk that could have a material impact on the company. In addition, he is Chief Financial Officer for Business and International Insurance. Donner joined Travelers in November 2009 as CFO for Personal Insurance, and was appointed CFO of Business Insurance in May 2010, adding the responsibility of Chief Operating Officer in June 2013. Prior to joining Travelers, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of RenaissanceRe Ltd. Donner began his career at KPMG, where he was National Partner-in-Charge of the firm’s Insurance Practice. A Certified Public Accountant, he holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Pace University where he serves on the Advisory Board of the Lubin School of Business.
Marlyss J. Gage
Executive Vice President and Enterprise Chief Underwriting Officer
Marlyss Gage is Executive Vice President and Chief Underwriting Officer for Travelers. She is responsible for setting Underwriting best practices for Travelers’ businesses and leading the business unit underwriting officers in defining the company’s underwriting risk appetite, practices and controls. Gage joined Travelers in 1996 as Vice President of Program Business before assuming the Chief Underwriting position within Travelers’ Select and Middle Market Businesses. In 2007, she was promoted to the Chief Underwriting position for the commercial segment. Gage began her underwriting career in 1981 and served in a series of positions of increased responsibility at multiple insurers before joining Travelers.
Bruce R. Jones
Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer
Bruce Jones is Executive Vice President, Enterprise Risk Management and Chief Risk Officer for Travelers, responsible for overseeing the identification and management of all risk that could have a material impact on the company. Jones joined Travelers in 1978 and has held Chief Actuary positions in both National Accounts and Commercial Accounts. He is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society and a Member of the American Academy of Actuary. Jones holds a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree from Boston University.
Patrick J. Kinney
Executive Vice President, Field Management
Patrick Kinney is Executive Vice President, Field Management for Travelers. He is also responsible for operating model, strategic planning and execution, and marketing in Business Insurance. Since joining the company in 1983, Kinney has held a number of positions including Vice President of Sales and Marketing in Select Accounts, Regional Executive, Regional Vice President and Executive Vice President, Field Operations. He serves on the Board of Directors for the Travelers Championship, and is a member of the Board of Directors of Saint Francis Care, the parent organization of Saint Francis Hospital and Medical Center.
Michael F. Klein
Executive Vice President and President, Personal Insurance
Michael Klein, Executive Vice President, is President of Personal Insurance for Travelers. He previously led the Middle Market business and has served as President of Commercial Accounts, and Senior Vice President, Industry and Product Group. Klein joined the company in 1990 and has held various positions in Commercial Insurance, Underwriting Knowledge Management, Corporate Planning and Development, Global Health Care Underwriting, and Financial and Professional Services. He serves on the Board of Trustees for the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art in Hartford, Connecticut, and is a member of the executive committee of Connecticut’s Insurance and Financial Services Cluster.
Thomas M. Kunkel
Executive Vice President and President, Bond & Specialty Insurance
Tom Kunkel is President of Bond & Specialty Insurance for Travelers. He joined a predecessor of Travelers in 1984 and assumed positions of increasing responsibility in several field offices, including Regional Vice President. Beginning in 2001, Kunkel progressed through various key roles, including Regional Chief Underwriting Officer for Bond’s Construction Surety business, head of Bond’s field management organization, and head of Bond’s Commercial Surety business. In 2005, he was promoted to President of the Bond & Financial Products organization.
Madelyn Lankton
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Madelyn Lankton is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Travelers, a position she has held since May 2011. She oversees the company’s Information Technology (IT) areas. Lankton joined Travelers in 1982, initially in the life and annuity business, and in 2003, she joined the property casualty business. She has served in a variety of IT and Operations leadership positions and initiated a Women’s Mentoring Forum for high potential women within Information Technology. In 2008, Lankton was recognized with a “Women in Insurance Leadership Award” from Insurance Networking News.
William C. Malugen Jr.
Executive Vice President and President, National Accounts and First Party
Bill Malugen, Executive Vice President, is President of National Accounts and First Party for Travelers. He began his career at Travelers in 1981 as a Commercial Lines underwriter and has held Regional Vice President positions in Field Marketing and National Accounts. Malugen serves on the Board of the National Council on Compensation Insurance, and on the Board of Trustees of the Connecticut Science Center. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Middle Tennessee State University in 1980 and a master’s degree in Business Administration in 1981. He is a Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU) and Associate in Risk Management (ARM).
Maria Olivo
Executive Vice President, Strategic Development and Corporate Treasurer
Maria Olivo is Executive Vice President, Strategic Development and Corporate Treasurer for Travelers. Since joining the company in 2002, she has held a number of executive positions, including leading Corporate Development, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Prior to her current positions, she led Enterprise Research and Market Development, a group which she started in October 2007 to bring an enterprise focus to new product initiatives. Olivo, a certified financial analyst, joined Travelers from Swiss Re Capital Partners where she was Deputy Head of Strategic Investments. Prior to that, she was a Director in Salomon Smith Barney’s Investment Bank. Olivo is a graduate of New York University with a bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Computer Applications & Information Systems and an MBA in Finance from its Leonard N. Stern School of Business.
Marc E. Schmittlein
Executive Vice President and President, Cyber
Marc Schmittlein, Executive Vice President, is President of cyber initiatives for Travelers. He previously led the Select Accounts, Agribusiness, and Specialized Distribution businesses in Business Insurance. Schmittlein joined Aetna Property Casualty in 1982 and from there assumed positions of increasing responsibility in several field offices, including Regional Vice President for the Mid-Atlantic region of Select Accounts following the merger of Aetna Property Casualty and Travelers in 1996. In 2001, he joined The St. Paul Companies, Inc., as President of the Small Commercial business, a position he retained following the 2004 merger with Travelers. In 2012, he was promoted to Executive Vice President of Select Accounts and Agribusiness. Schmittlein is a Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter, and serves as President of the Board of Directors for the North Central Connecticut and Western Massachusetts Chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
Kevin C. Smith
Executive Vice President and President, International
Kevin Smith is Executive Vice President of International for Travelers. He is responsible for the company’s international businesses, including operations in Canada, the U.K. and Ireland, Travelers Syndicate at Lloyd’s, Brazil, and developing operations in India and China. Smith joined Travelers in 1983 and has served in several key management roles within the specialty and professional liability businesses. Prior to his current role, he served as President of Specialized Distribution, leading Northland and National Programs. Smith assumed his current position in 2009 and was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2012.
Kenneth F. Spence III
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Ken Spence is Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Travelers. He has held several leadership positions within the company’s Legal Services group, from April 2004 with Travelers, from 1998 to 2004 with The St. Paul Companies Inc., and previously at USF&G Corporation, where he served as legal counsel. Spence was previously a partner at Miles & Stockbridge, in Baltimore, Md. He received his undergraduate degree from Dickinson College, and his J.D. degree from University of Maryland School of Law.
Gregory C. Toczydlowski
Executive Vice President and President, Small Commercial, and Business Insurance Technology and Operations
Greg Toczydlowski, Executive Vice President, is President, Small Commercial, and Business Insurance Technology and Operations for Travelers. He was previously President of Personal Insurance, and served as Chief Operating Officer of Personal Insurance, where he led Sales and Product Management. He was also Chief Financial Officer for the independent agency distribution channel within Personal Insurance. Since joining Travelers in 1990, Toczydlowski has held various positions, including responsibilities within systems, finance, underwriting, product, marketing, and business development. He is a member of the Board of Directors for the United Way of Central and Northeast Connecticut, and a trustee of Springfield College.
Julie A. Trowbridge-Dillman
Executive Vice President, Operations, Enterprise Business Intelligence and Analytics and eBusiness
Julie Trowbridge-Dillman is Executive Vice President of Operations for Travelers. She is also responsible for Enterprise Business Intelligence and Analytics and eBusiness. Trowbridge-Dillman has held various positions at Travelers, including underwriting, sales, product, and information technology. She holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin. Trowbridge-Dillman is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of Achieve Hartford, a nonprofit that serves as a catalyst for education reform and community involvement in Hartford, Connecticut and represents Travelers on the Board of Directors of ACORD (Association for Cooperative Operations Research and Development) a global, nonprofit organization serving the insurance and related industries.
Joan K. Woodward
Executive Vice President, Public Policy and President, The Travelers Institute
Joan Woodward is Executive Vice President for Public Policy and President of The Travelers Institute. She joined Travelers from Goldman, Sachs & Co., where she was the founding Executive Director of their Global Markets Institute. During her nine years at Goldman Sachs, she also served as Vice President and Director of Washington Research for Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research. Woodward worked on Capitol Hill for 12 years, serving as Deputy Chief of Staff for the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance, and as Senior Economist for the U.S. Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs and the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on the Budget. Woodward serves on the Board of Directors of the United States Chamber of Commerce, is a member of the President’s National Small and Medium Enterprise Export Council, and works with numerous community and charitable groups. She holds bachelor’s degrees in Economics and Political Science and a master’s degree in Public Administration from American University.
Alan L. Beller
Director since 2007
Mr. Beller is Senior Counsel of the law firm of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP (“Cleary”), based in the New York City office. Mr. Beller joined Cleary in 1976 and was a partner in the firm from 1984 through 2001. From 2002 to 2006, he served as the Director of the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and as Senior Counselor to the Commission. He returned to Cleary in August 2006 and was a partner in the firm until 2014. Mr. Beller is a member of the Board of Trustees of the IFRS Foundation and a member of the Board of Overseers of the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
John H. Dasburg
Director since 1994 and Lead Director since February 8, 2012
Mr. Dasburg has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ASTAR USA, LLC, since April 2003. He served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Burger King Corporation from April 2001 through January 2003 and as Chairman of Burger King from April 2001 to March 2003. Mr. Dasburg served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Northwest Airlines from 1989 through March 2001. From 1980 to 1989, he held a number of positions at Marriott Corporation, including President of The Lodging Group, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Real Estate Officer. From 1973 to 1980, Mr. Dasburg was employed by KPMG Peat Marwick, serving as a Tax Partner from 1978 to 1980. Mr. Dasburg is currently a member of the Advisory Board of Trilantic Capital Partners.
Janet M. Dolan
Director since 2001
Ms. Dolan has been President of Act 3 Enterprises, LLC, a consulting services company, since August 2006. She served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Tennant Company, a manufacturer of nonresidential floor maintenance equipment and products, from April 1999 until her retirement in December 2005, and she had served in a number of senior executive positions with Tennant Company from 1986 until April 1999. Prior to joining Tennant Company, Ms. Dolan was a director of the Minnesota Lawyers’ Professional Responsibility Board. Ms. Dolan is also a director of Wenger Corporation. Ms. Dolan also served as a director of Donaldson Company, Inc. until November 2014.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Director since 1998
Mr. Duberstein has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Duberstein Group, Inc., a strategic advisory and consulting firm, since 1989. Previously, Mr. Duberstein served as Chief of Staff to President Ronald Reagan from 1988 to 1989 and as Deputy Chief of Staff during 1987. From 1984 to 1986, Mr. Duberstein was Vice President of Timmons & Company in Washington, DC. Prior to that, he held the White House position as Assistant to the President, Legislative Affairs from 1981 to 1983. From 1977 to 1980, Mr. Duberstein was Vice President of the Committee for Economic Development. He serves as Chairman of the Harvard Institute of Politics at the Kennedy School of Government, is a director of the Brookings Institution and the National Alliance to End Homelessness and is a lifetime trustee for the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Mr. Duberstein is also a director of The Boeing Company, Mack-Cali Realty Corp., and the Promontory Financial Group. During the prior five years, Mr. Duberstein also served as a director of ConocoPhillips until April 2012 and Dell Inc. until October 2013.
Jay S. Fishman
Director since 2001
Jay Fishman is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Travelers. He has served as Chief Executive Officer since the April 1, 2004, merger of The St. Paul Companies, Inc. with Travelers Property Casualty Corp., and he assumed the additional role of Chairman in September 2005. From October 2001 until April 2004, Fishman had been Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of The St. Paul Companies, Inc. He held several key executive posts at Citigroup Inc. from 1998 to October 2001, including Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Travelers insurance business. Starting in 1989, Fishman worked as an executive at Primerica Corporation, which became part of Citigroup. He is a director of ExxonMobil Corporation and of Carlyle Group Management L.L.C. He serves as Chairman of the Board of New York City Ballet, a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania, and a trustee of the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital.
Patricia L. Higgins
Director since 2007
Ms. Higgins served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Switch and Data Facilities, Inc., a provider of neutral interconnection and collocation services, from September 2000 until her retirement in February 2004. In 1999 and 2000, Ms. Higgins served as Executive Vice President of the Gartner Group and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Research Board, a segment of the Gartner Group. From 1997 to 1999, she served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Alcoa Inc., and from 1995 to 1997, she served as Vice President and President (Communications Market Business Unit) of Unisys Corporation. From 1977 to 1995, she served in various managerial positions, including as Corporate Vice President and Group Vice President (State of New York) for Verizon (NYNEX) and Vice President, International Sales Operations (Lucent) for AT&T Corporation/Lucent. Ms. Higgins currently serves on the Board of Directors of Barnes & Noble, Inc., Internap Corporation and Dycom Industries. During the prior five years, Ms. Higgins also served as a director of Visteon Corporation until October 2010.
Thomas R. Hodgson
Director since 1997
Mr. Hodgson served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Abbott Laboratories, a global diversified health care company, from 1990 until his retirement in 1998. Prior to that, he had been President of the Abbott International Division from 1983 to 1990 and President of the Hospital Products Division from 1978 to 1983. Mr. Hodgson held various other management positions with Abbott from 1972 to 1978. Mr. Hodgson served as a director of Idenix Pharmaceuticals until August 2014.
William J. Kane
Director since 2012
Mr. Kane served as an audit partner with Ernst & Young for 25 years until his retirement in 2010, during which time he specialized in providing accounting, auditing and consulting services to the insurance and financial services industries. Prior to that he served in various auditing roles with Ernst & Young. Mr. Kane is currently a director of AIG Life Holdings, Inc.
Cleve L. Killingsworth Jr.
Director since 2007
Mr. Killingsworth served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Inc. from July 2005 until March 2010. He served as Chairman from January 2008 to March 2010. He joined the company in February 2004 as President and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Mr. Killingsworth served the Henry Ford Health System as Senior Vice President of Insurance and Managed Care, as well as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Health Alliance Plan. He joined Henry Ford Health Systems in January 1998 after holding senior management positions with: the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Rochester, NY; Group Health Cooperative of Puget Sound; The American Hospital Association; and the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Killingsworth is currently a member of the Board of Trustees of The MITRE Corporation and Nazareth College and the Board of Overseers of the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA) and the College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF).
Philip T. Ruegger III
Director since 2014
Mr. Ruegger served as Chairman of the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (“Simpson Thacher”) from 2004 until his retirement in 2013. He was a member of the firm’s executive committee from 1993 through June 2013. Mr. Ruegger joined Simpson Thacher in 1974 and became a partner in 1981. At Simpson Thacher, he advised clients on mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance, investigations, corporate finance and general corporate and securities law matters. Mr. Ruegger is Chairman of the Board of the Henry Street Settlement and is an Honorary Trustee of the Natural Resources Defense Council.
Donald J. Shepard
Director since 2009
Mr. Shepard served as Chairman of the Executive Board and Chief Executive Officer of AEGON N.V., an international life insurance and pension company, from April 2002 until his retirement in April 2008. Prior to that, he served as Chief Executive Officer of AEGON USA since 1989, and in 1992 he became a member of the Executive Board of AEGON N.V. Mr. Shepard currently serves as a member of the board of directors of PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and CSX Corporation.
Laurie J. Thomsen
Director since 2004
Ms. Thomsen served as an Executive Partner of New Profit, Inc., a venture philanthropy firm, from 2006 to 2010, and she served on its board from 2001 to 2006. Prior to that, from 1995 to 2004, she was a co-founder, General Partner and Retiring General Partner of Prism Venture Partners, a venture capital firm investing in healthcare and technology companies. From 1984 until 1995, she worked at the venture capital firm Harbourvest Partners in Boston, where she was a General Partner from 1988 until 1995. Ms. Thomsen was in commercial lending at U.S. Trust Company of New York from 1979 until 1984. Ms. Thomsen is a director of MFS Mutual Funds and Dycom Industries. She is also a director of Lever and uAspire.
This site contains information about Travelers. Travelers disclaims any duty or obligation to update such information. Any "forward-looking statement" is made only as of the date such information was originally prepared by Travelers and is intended to fall within the safe harbor for forward-looking information provided in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "likely," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "estimates" and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Factors that can cause results to differ materially include those described in the Corporation's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs filed with the SEC and contained on this site.
Screen reader users: Please switch to forms mode for this link.