
Robert A. Niblock3*,  Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lowe’s Companies, Inc., Mooresville, NC, 
Raul Alvarez1,4,  Retired President and Chief Operating Officer, McDonald’s Corporation, Oak Brook, IL
David W. Bernauer1,3,4*,  Lead Director, Lowe’s Companies, Inc., Mooresville, NC; Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Walgreen Co., Deerfield, IL
Leonard L. Berry, Ph.D.1,4,  Distinguished Professor of Marketing, M.B. Zale Chair in Retailing and Marketing Leadership, and Professor of Humanities in Medicine, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Peter C. Browning1*,3,4,  Managing Director, Peter C. Browning & Associates, LLC, Charlotte, NC
Richard W. Dreiling1,4,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dollar General Corporation, Goodlettsville, TN
Dawn E. Hudson2,4,  Vice-Chair, The Parthenon Group, Boston, MA
Robert L. Johnson2,4,  Founder and Chairman, The RLJ Companies, Bethesda, MD
Marshall O. Larsen2*,3,4,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Goodrich Corporation, Charlotte, NC
Richard K. Lochridge2,4,  Retired President, Lochridge & Company, Inc., Boston, MA
Stephen F. Page1,4,  Retired Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, United Technologies Corporation, Hartford, CT
Eric C. Wiseman2,4,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, VF Corporation, Greensboro, NC
Committee Membership,  1—Audit Committee 2—Compensation Committee 3—Executive Committee 4—Governance Committee *2011 Committee Chairman
Robert A. Niblock,  Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Maureen K. Ausura,  Executive Vice President—Human Resources
Gregory M. Bridgeford,  Executive Vice President—Business Development
Michael K. Brown,  Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Rick D. Damron,  Executive Vice President—Store Operations
Robert J. Gfeller, Jr.,  Executive Vice President—Merchandising
Robert F. Hull, Jr.,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Gaither M. Keener, Jr.,  Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer
Joseph M. Mabry, Jr.,  Executive Vice President—Logistics and Distribution
Marshall A. Croom,  Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer
Matthew V. Hollifield,  Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Thomas J. Lamb,  Senior Vice President—Marketing and Advertising
N. Brian Peace,  Senior Vice President—Corporate Affairs
M. Lee Reeves,  Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
William D. Robinson,  Senior Vice President—International Operations and Customer Support Services
Janet M. Saura,  Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. is a $50.2 billion retailer, offering a complete line of home improvement products and services. The Company, through its subsidiaries, serves approximately 15 million do-it- yourself, do-it-for-me and commercial business customers each week through 1,745 stores in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s is the second largest home improvement retailer in the world and employs more than 248,000 people. Lowe’s has been a publicly held company since October 10, 1961. The Company’s stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with shares trading under the symbol LOW. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com, .
The reports Lowe’s files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, and all amendments to those reports, are available without charge on Lowe’s website (www.Lowes.com/investor, ) as soon as reasonably practicable after Lowe’s files them with, or furnishes them to, the SEC.
Business Description Lowe’s Companies, Inc. is a $50.2 billion retailer, offering a complete line of home improvement products and services. The Company, through its subsidiaries, serves approximately 15 million do-it- yourself, do-it-for-me and commercial business customers each week through 1,745 stores in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s is the second largest home improvement retailer in the world and employs more than 248,000 people. Lowe’s has been a publicly held company since October 10, 1961. The Company’s stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with shares trading under the symbol LOW. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com. Lowe’s files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any other filings required by the SEC. The reports Lowe’s files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, and all amendments to those reports, are available without charge on Lowe’s website (www.Lowes.com/investor) as soon as reasonably practicable after Lowe’s files them with, or furnishes them to, the SEC. Copies of Lowe’s 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available without charge upon written request to Gaither M. Keener, Jr., Secretary, at Lowe’s corporate offices or by calling 800-449-8161.,  Additional information available on our website (www.Lowes.com/investor) includes our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors Committee Charters, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Social Responsibility Report, as well as other financial information.
Corporate Offices 1000 Lowe’s Boulevard Mooresville, NC 28117 704-758-1000 Lowe’s Website www.Lowes.com,  Stock Transfer Agent & Registrar, Dividend Disbursing Agent and Dividend Reinvesting Agent Computershare Trust Company N.A. P.O. Box 43078 Providence, RI 02940 For direct deposit of dividends, registered shareholders may call Computershare toll-free at 877-282-1174. Registered shareholders with e-mail addresses can send account inquiries electronically to Computershare through its website at www.computershare.com/investor and clicking on Contact Us. Registered shareholders may access their accounts online by visiting Investor Centre at www.computershare.com/investor. Investors can join Lowe’s Stock Advantage Direct Stock Purchase Plan by visiting www.Lowes.com, /investor, and clicking on Buy Stock Direct. Dividends Lowe’s has declared a cash dividend each quarter since becoming a public company in 1961. Dividend record dates are usually the third week of fiscal April, July, October and January. Dividend payment dates are usually the first week of fiscal May, August, November and February. Annual Meeting Date June 1, 2012 at 10:00 a.m. Ballantyne Hotel Charlotte, NC
Investors can join Lowe’s Stock Advantage Direct Stock Purchase Plan by visiting www.Lowes.com/investor, , and clicking on Buy Stock Direct.
Stock Trading Information Lowe’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (LOW) General Counsel Gaither M. Keener, Jr. Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 704-758-1000 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte & Touche LLP 550 South Tryon Street Suite 2500 Charlotte, NC 28202 704-887-1500 Shareholder Services Shareholders’ and security analysts’ inquiries should be directed to: Tiffany Mason Vice President, Investor Relations 704-758-2033 For copies of financial information: 800-449-8161 or visit www.Lowes.com/investor,  Public Relations Media inquiries should be directed to: Chris Ahearn Vice President, Public Relations 704-758-2304 Media.Lowes.com To view Lowe’s Social Responsibility Report, visit www.Lowes.com/socialresponsibility.
Media inquiries should be directed to: Chris Ahearn Vice President, Public Relations 704-758-2304 Media.Lowes.com, 
http://www.lowes.com/AboutLowes/AnnualReports/annual_report_11/corporate.html