Phillips 66 - Investors - Governance - Executive Leadership Team


Executive Leadership Team
Analyst Coverage
Executive Leadership Team
Accounts Payable Vendor Relations
MSDS
Executive Leadership Team
Executive Leadership Team
Analyst Coverage
Executive Leadership Team
Accounts Payable Vendor Relations
MSDS
Executive Leadership Team
Greg Garland is chairman and CEO of Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. A chemical engineer, Garland has more than 30 years of industry experience in technical and executive leadership positions within the oil and natural gas and chemicals industries. Previously, Garland had served as senior vice president, Exploration and Production, Americas, for ConocoPhillips since 2010. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips, Garland was president and chief executive officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, which is now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron. Before his election to that position, Garland served Chevron Phillips as senior vice president, Planning & Specialty Chemicals. His prior experience includes serving as general manager of Qatar/Middle East for Phillips, a position he assumed in 1997. From 1995 to 1997, he served as general manager of natural gas liquids after serving as manager of planning and development in planning and technology. From 1992 to 1994, he was manager of the K-Resin® business unit. Garland began his career with Phillips in 1980 as a project engineer for the Plastics Technical Center. He later worked as a sales engineer for Phillips' plastics resins, business service manager for advanced materials, business development director, and olefins manager for chemicals. He serves on the Board of Directors for DCP Midstream, the Board of Amgen, the Board of the National Petroleum Council, the Board and Executive Committee of the American Petroleum Institute, the Board and the Executive Committee of Junior Achievement for Southeast Texas, the Board for The Greater Houston Partnership and as a member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M University. Garland received a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980.
Greg C. Garland
Chairman and CEO
Tim G. Taylor is president, Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. A chemical engineer, Taylor has more than 35 years experience in the chemical and oil and gas industries. Before being named to his current role, Taylor served as executive vice president, Commercial, Marketing, Transportation & Business Development. Prior to joining Phillips 66, he was chief operating officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company. He began his career in the chemical industry with Eastman Chemical in Longview, Texas. He joined Phillips Petroleum Company’s plastics division in 1980, and served in various assignments in chemicals and plastics. From 1990 to 1992, he was president of Phillips Recycling Company in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 1992, Taylor moved to Houston to manage K-Resin Marketing. One year later, he was named president of Phillips Pipeline Company, and in 1995, he returned to chemicals and plastics where he held several management positions prior to the joint venture of Phillips Chemical and Chevron Chemical in 2000. Taylor is president and a member of the board of directors of Phillips 66 Partners. He also serves on the board of directors for Chevron Phillips Chemical Company. He is a Certified Public Accountant in Texas. Taylor is a native of El Dorado, Kansas and graduated from Kansas State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering in 1975.
Tim G. Taylor
President
Deborah G. Adams is senior vice president, Health, Safety & Environment (HSE), Projects and Procurement, for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. Adams has 31 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Before assuming her current role, Adams served as president, Transportation, since 2012 after serving the same role for ConocoPhillips since 2008. Previously, Adams worked in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, as general manager, Global Procurement Services and chief procurement officer, since 2005. In 2003, she was named general manager, International Refining and UK/Ireland business unit, located in Warwick, England. After the ConocoPhillips merger in 2002, she served in an IT role as general manager, Global Downstream Information Systems, in Bartlesville. Adams began her career in 1983 as a process engineer in the refining division. She then moved through a variety of business development, planning, supply and operations positions throughout the downstream business unit. In 1995, Adams transferred to Stockholm, Sweden as general manager, Business Development, Strategy and Support. As the business and systems opportunities grew, she transferred to London in late 1997 as manager, Information Management, for Downstream across Europe and Asia. Adams is a board member for Neighborhood Centers Inc., a member of the Oklahoma State University Foundation Board of Trustees, and is on the Board of Governors for the Oklahoma State University Foundation. An OSU Distinguished Alumna, Adams was inducted into the OSU College of Engineering, Architecture and Technology Hall of Fame in 2014. Adams received a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Oklahoma State University in 1983.
Deborah G. Adams
Senior Vice President, HSE, Projects and Procurement
Robert (Bob) Herman is executive vice president, Midstream for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. He has 32 years of experience in various technical and leadership roles within the oil and gas industry. Herman previously served as senior vice president, Health, Safety & Environment (HSE), Projects and Procurement. He joined Phillips 66 as senior vice president, HSE, and previously worked for ConocoPhillips as vice president, HSE. While with ConocoPhillips, he spent a majority of his career on the refining side of the business. Herman was named president, Refining, Marketing and Transportation - Europe, in 2008 after serving as general manager, Refining Business Improvement, since 2005. His extensive work with several refineries across the U.S. and Europe included a three-year term as the refinery manager of the Bayway Refinery. Herman began his career in 1982 as a rotating equipment engineer at Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, with Sohio Alaska Petroleum Company. In 1987, he transferred to refining and worked in numerous operations, maintenance, turnaround, project management, technical support and refining management roles for BP, Tosco, Premcor and ConocoPhillips. He is the senior vice president, Operations, for Phillips 66 Partners and currently serves on the Board of Directors for Phillips 66 Partners and Chevron Phillips Chemical Company. He is a past board member of the Northwest Construction Consumers Council; Europia, the European petroleum industry association; and CONCAWE, the European consortium for health, safety and environmental issues in the petroleum industry. Herman was born in Seattle, Washington, in 1959 and received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Washington State University in 1982.
Robert A. Herman
Executive Vice President, Midstream
Paula Johnson is executive vice president, Legal, general counsel and corporate secretary for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. She has nearly 25 years of legal experience. Before assuming her current role, Johnson was Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, and Chief Compliance Officer for ConocoPhillips. Prior roles with ConocoPhillips included managing counsel for litigation and claims from 2006 to 2009, and working as a senior counsel in the litigation group when she started her career with the company in 2002. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips, Johnson was in private practice in Houston, primarily at Fulbright & Jaworski, LLP. Johnson also serves as vice president, general counsel and secretary of Phillips 66 Partners. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1985 and a Juris Doctorate with honors in 1988 from the University of Oklahoma.
Paula Johnson
Executive Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Merl R. Lindstrom is vice president, Technology, for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. He has more than 35 years of experience in research and development (R&D) roles, focusing primarily on the downstream business. Before assuming his current role, Lindstrom was senior vice president, Technology, for ConocoPhillips. In his tenure with ConocoPhillips, Lindstrom served in a variety of technological and R&D roles. He has worked in managerial R&D roles for various organizations including Downstream Technology, Technical Services and Facilities. From 1998 to 2001, before the merger with Conoco, Lindstrom worked for Phillips Petroleum as general manager of the Woods Cross Refinery. He also spent time in various managerial R&D roles in the chemicals and petrochemicals divisions. He previously served as director of plastics/chemicals in planning and budgeting. Lindstrom began his career with Phillips in 1978 as a research chemist in R&D. In 1984, he was promoted to section supervisor in the polymers and materials area. In 1987, he was promoted to director of industry analysis in planning and budgeting for Phillips 66 Company, a division of Phillips; and he became director of alloys, blends and compounds in plastics in 1988. He returned to R&D in 1988 as manager of the engineering materials branch. Lindstrom is a native of North Dakota. He graduated from North Dakota State University in Fargo, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in 1973 and a doctorate in 1978 in chemistry.
Merl R. Lindstrom
Vice President, Technology
Kevin J. Mitchell is executive vice president, Finance, and chief financial officer for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. Reporting to the chairman and CEO, Mitchell leads the company’s treasury, accounting, auditing, tax and information technology operations. He was appointed to the role effective Jan. 1, 2016, and has served as Vice President, Investor Relations, since joining the company in September 2014. Mitchell has more than 20 years of experience in finance roles within the oil and gas industry. Prior to joining Phillips 66, Mitchell served as the general auditor of ConocoPhillips from May 2010 until September 2014, and vice president, Exploration and Production – Strategy, Administration and Technical Services from April 2009 until April 2010. Mitchell joined Conoco in 1991 and held a variety of finance and accounting positions with Conoco and ConocoPhillips, including general manager of Upstream Finance, Strategy and Planning; vice president of Finance and Administration for ConocoPhillips Alaska; and manager of Treasury Services. Mitchell is a Certified Internal Auditor and a fellow with the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants.
Kevin J. Mitchell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
C. Clayton Reasor is executive vice president, Investor Relations, Strategy, Corporate and Government Affairs for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. He has more than 35 years of experience in the oil and natural gas industry. Before assuming his current role, Reasor was senior vice president, Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Prior to joining Phillips 66, he served as president, U.S. Marketing and worked in New York as general manager, Investor Relations for ConocoPhillips. He also worked as finance and commercial manager for Phillips Petroleum Norway in Stavanger. Reasor is vice president, Investor Relations and a member of the board of directors for Phillips 66 Partners (NYSE: PSXP). He also serves on the board of Stage Stores Inc. (NYSE: SSI). Reasor graduated from the University of Richmond in 1978, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in finance. He subsequently received his MBA from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo.
C. Clayton Reasor
Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy, Corporate and Government Affairs
Sonya Reed is senior vice president, Human Resources, for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With nearly 20 years of international experience in human resources, Reed reports directly to Greg Garland, chairman and CEO, and is a member of the company’s Executive Leadership Team. Before joining Phillips 66 in May 2015, Reed served as executive vice president and chief human resources officer for General Cable, where she focused on driving a global people agenda and implemented processes for effective human resource management. She worked closely with General Cable’s board of directors on leadership succession planning as well as compensation strategy and design. Reed began her career as a commercial underwriter at Zurich Financial Services, where she spent 14 years. She subsequently moved into human resources and ascended through the function, specializing in business partnerships. After a multi-year assignment in Switzerland, she returned to the United States as the vice president of Human Resources for Latin America. Reed holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Arizona State University and completed advanced studies at Cambridge University in England and the Complutense University of Madrid. She is fluent in Spanish.
Sonya Reed
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Timothy (Tim) Roberts is executive vice president, Strategy and Business Development for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. He was appointed to the role in April 2016 and reports directly to Phillips 66 president Tim Taylor. Roberts has more than 30 years of experience in strategy, operations, commercial, and joint ventures in the oil and gas and chemical industries. Prior to Phillips 66, Roberts was executive vice president, Global Olefins and Polyolefins, for LyondellBasell. He began his career in sales and in 1987 joined Phillips Petroleum, where he held positions in sales, marketing and corporate planning. Roberts subsequently moved to Qatar Chemical Company, a CPChem and Qatar Petroleum joint venture, as the country manager based out of Qatar. After several leadership roles with CPChem, he was appointed president and CEO of Americas Styrenics, a Dow Chemical and CPChem joint venture. After serving as the vice president of Corporate Planning and Strategic Transactions for CPChem, Roberts transitioned to LyondellBasell where he held various leadership positions. Roberts has a Bachelor of Science in marketing from Ball State University.
Timothy D. Roberts
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development
Lawrence (Larry) M. Ziemba is executive vice president, Refining, for Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. He has 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Before joining Phillips 66 in May 2012, Ziemba previously worked for ConocoPhillips as president, Global Refining, a role he took on after serving as president, U.S. Refining, since 2003. He first joined Phillips Petroleum in 2001 after its acquisition of Tosco and was in charge of handling the integration of the refining operations during the merger with Conoco. Originally from Chicago, he started his career at Unocal’s Chicago refinery in 1977. In 1988, he moved to Unocal’s Los Angeles corporate headquarters as manager of planning/business development for its downstream business. In 1991, he managed the acquisition of Shell’s Carson refinery and subsequently integrated the asset into Los Angeles operations. In 1997, Ziemba joined Tosco as they acquired Unocal’s downstream business. In 1999, he was named vice president of Tosco’s three San Francisco area refineries. In 2000, he was assigned to handle the acquisition and takeover of the Wood River refinery. He has held a number of industry and community leadership positions including board positions with American Fuels and Petrochemical Manufacturers Association, WRB Refining LP and the Western States Petroleum Association. Ziemba earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Illinois-Champaign in 1977 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago in 1985.
Lawrence M. Ziemba
Executive Vice President, Refining