Leadership | Lansing Trade Group


Bill joined the Company in 1995 as Vice President of Trading with an emphasis on wheat merchandising.  Bill was appointed to Lansing’s Board of Managers in 1996 and in 2002 was named COO, in which his primary objective was to restructure the business operationally. Bill was later named President in 2003 and CEO in 2005.  Prior to joining Lansing, Bill worked for The Scoular Company and ConAgra.
Scott joined Lansing in 1997 as a Location Manager. He served as a VP and Director of Marketing for Corn and Feed Ingredients for Lansing for many years before taking over the role of General Manager – Lansing Ethanol Services. In 2008, Scott began his management of all North American Trading, which evolved to managing company-wide merchandising in 2011. He continues to serve on Lansing’s Board of Managers. Prior to joining Lansing, Scott worked for The Scoular Company and DeBruce Grain.
Mark joined Lansing in 2005 as Controller and was promoted to VP – Finance, Lansing Ethanol Services, in 2006. In 2008, Mark assumed the responsibilities of establishing trading operations in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Upon his return from South America, Mark began managing the company’s accounting and credit. In 2011, Mark was named EVP – Chief Financial Officer for the company. Prior to joining Lansing, Mark was an assurance manager at KPMG, primarily serving commodity traders and food processors.
After working as the lead partner on the Lansing Trade Group, LLC account at Stinson Morrison Hecker LLP for 10 years, Tom joined Lansing as EVP – General Counsel in 2009. Over his career, Tom has developed an extensive understanding of business law and outstanding business acumen, allowing him to contribute to nearly every area of the Company. He has served as general counsel for numerous local and regional corporations, advising them on matters such as corporate law, contract law, business succession, employment law, environmental issues and estate planning. His business transactional experience has included all types of asset, corporate and partnership purchases, sales and reorganizations.
Mike brought more than 14 years of grain-trading experience to Lansing in 1997 when he opened the Company’s Minneapolis, Minnesota, office with a focus on trading wheat. He relocated to Lansing’s corporate offices in Overland Park, Kansas, in 2006. Mike leverages his broad agricultural experience to provide input on many levels of the company’s business. Additionally, Mike has broad experience with the National Grain and Feed Association, and other associations. 
Weston manages the Feed Ingredient Division for Lansing Trade Group. He transitioned to this role in 2014 after 6 years of leading the finance and business development functions for the Company. In his role, Weston leads various feed ingredient businesses for Lansing such as cottonseed, distillers’ grains, midds, pet food ingredients, and fish meal, and oversees Lansing’s container and bulk export business. He also manages the company’s UK subsidiary, Feed Factors, which specializes in organic feed ingredients, and serves on the board of the Company’s joint venture in Canada.  Weston joined Lansing in 2008 and has held various positions within the Company. Prior to his current role with the Feed Ingredient division, Weston was VP of Finance and Business Development and led the Company’s Treasury, Credit, and Corporate Business Development functions.  Prior to joining Lansing, Weston was a senior manager in the Energy and Capital Markets consulting practice at Deloitte & Touche.
Eric joined Lansing in 2008 and has held a variety of leadership positions, currently having responsibility for the Energy Division.  Eric has more than 12 years of experience in domestic and international agricultural cash and financial based trading. He began his grain merchandising career with ConAgra, where he held a variety of positions ranging from business development to managing physical supply chain for bulk liquid transportation via rail, truck, barge, container and vessel. Eric also has risk management experience involving the trading of several financial derivative markets.
Dwight joined Lansing in 2013.  He is charged with providing strategic leadership and broad operational contributions in the areas of operations and project management, logistics, supply chain management and people development.　 He joins Lansing with over 25 years of collective experience from various companies including JR Short Milling Company, Gavilon/ DeBruce, Land-O-Lakes, and Cargill.
  Brian joined Lansing in 2010 as Director of Counterparty Risk and has held various roles in his tenure at the Company, most recently being promoted to VP – Treasurer in 2015.  Brian’s role as VP includes responsibility for Counterparty Risk, Finance, Treasury, and Business Development.  Prior to joining Lansing, Brian held various finance related positions at CVR Energy, Inc. and Farmland Industries, Inc.
Steve joined Lansing in 2008 as Assistant Controller.  During Steve’s time at Lansing, he has gained responsibility for Accounting, Internal Audit, Tax, and Systems Development.  He was promoted to his current position in 2015.  Prior to joining Lansing, Steve was an assurance manager at KPMG, primarily serving the freight industry.
Shannon joined Lansing in 2014 when the Company completed the purchase of Titan Lansing Transloading, based in Texas, and was promoted to the Executive Committee later that year.  Shannon co-founded Titan Transloading in 2011 and is currently responsible for overseeing the energy transloading operations and project development.  Shannon previously worked for Cargill, Inc. and Anderson Grain Corporation.
General Inquiry: