Ventures - Motorola Solutions


mobile toggle
Application Developer Program
Eduardo Conrado
Eyefluence combines eye biomechanics, a deep understanding of the eye-brain connection, and superior technology to deliver the fastest and easiest interface ever created for head mounted displays (HMDs). Eyefluence partners with HMD manufacturers, vertical market leaders, and others to engineer and integrate the first and only true eye-interaction technology designed to revolutionize what’s possible in AR, VR, and MR environments.
TRX is the developer of NEON®, delivering location and mapping indoors, underground, and in dense urban areas where GPS is not available or is unreliable. NEON delivers accurate 3D indoor location through the use of advanced sensor fusion, ranging, and dynamic mapping algorithms.
Developer of natural language computer interfaces.
Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android).
Speaktoit is a developer of natural language computer interfaces.
Remote Enterprise Workspace for all mobile devices (iOS & Android).
BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography.
Global leader in gunfire detection and location technology.
BlueLine Grid solves interoperability challenges, providing law enforcement, fire, EMT, first responders and security teams with a secure mobile platform that allows agencies to find, communicate, and collaborate securely with each other regardless of jurisdiction or geography.
SST, Inc. is the global leader in gunfire detection and location technology providing the most trusted, scalable and reliable gunfire alert and analysis available today.
Mobile Intelligence Applications
MOBILE APPLICATIONS ECOSYSTEM
Nearbuy - Acquired by RetailNext 12.2013
Paul Steinberg
Chief Technology Officer
Reese Schroeder
Managing Director
Brad McManus
Investment Director
Gopal Rajaraman
Investment Principal
Ori Israely
Investment Director
Executive Committee