Executive Team :: VF Corporation (VFC)


Napapijri
Lee
Riders by Lee
Wrangler
Imagewear
Horace Small
Red Kap
Wrangler Workwear
Ella Moss
Imagewear
Executive Team
Analyst Coverage
Executive Team
Executive Team
Eric Wiseman
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Eric Wiseman is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of VF Corporation, a global leader in branded lifestyle apparel and footwear with more than $12 billion in revenues.
Mr. Wiseman has 35 years of experience in the apparel industry. His career with VF began in 1995 when he joined the company as Executive Vice President of the brand. He then held a progression of leadership roles, including Chairman of VF's Sportswear and Outdoor coalitions and Executive Vice President, Global Brands. He was named President and Chief Operating Officer in 2006, and elected to VF's board of directors that same year. Mr. Wiseman was named CEO in January 2008 and Chairman of the Board in August 2008. 
Mr. Wiseman also serves on the board of directors of Lowe's Companies Inc., CIGNA Corporation and the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA), as well as the Board of Visitors of Wake Forest University School of Business. He holds a bachelor’s degree in business and an MBA from Wake Forest University.
Steve Rendle
President, Chief Operating Officer & Director
Steve Rendle is President & Chief Operating Officer, overseeing all of VF's business coalitions worldwide: Outdoor & Action Sports, Jeanswear, Imagewear, Sportswear and Contemporary Brands. He is also responsible for VF's global Supply Chain and Direct-to-Consumer platforms. He is a member of VF's Board of Directors.
Rendle has more than 30 years of experience in the specialty outdoor and action sports industry, 16 of which have been with VF. Prior to being appointed to his current role in June 2015, he was Senior Vice President, Americas, with responsibility for driving the strategies to support VF's continued growth in its Americas-based businesses.
Previously, Rendle spent three years as Vice President, VF Corporation and Group President, Outdoor & Action Sports Americas, leading VF's Outdoor and Action Sports Americas businesses in North and South America.
Rendle also served as President of VF's Outdoor Americas coalition, where he oversaw The North Face®, JanSport®, Eagle Creek® and lucy® brands, as well as business development for the coalition. From 2004 to 2011, he served as President of The North Face®. Rendle began his career with The North Face® in 1999 and shortly afterward was promoted to Vice President of Sales, where he worked to reshape the business' sales organization, product and marketing strategies, and go-to-market model.
Before joining The North Face®, Rendle held leading sales management roles at Youngone Corporation and at W.L. Gore and Associates.
Rendle earned a B.S. degree in Kinesiology from the University of Washington. He is a founding board member of the Outdoor Industry's Outdoor Foundation. He has also served in an advisory capacity to Bainbridge Graduate Institute and provided insight into its creation of an M.B.A. program concentration focused on sustainability. Rendle was honored with The Mountain Institute's annual Exemplary Corporate Stewardship of Mountains award in 2007.
Scott A. Roe
Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, VF Corporation
Scott A. Roe is the Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of VF Corporation (NYSE: VFC), a global leader in branded lifestyle apparel, footwear and accessories. As a principal architect of the company’s financial and operational strategy for delivering sustainable, profitable growth for its shareholders he oversees: finance, accounting, investor relations, mergers & acquisitions, treasury, global business technology, corporate communications, sustainability & responsibility and corporate aviation.
Prior to his appointment to CFO in 2015, Roe served as the company’s Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer for two years following his tenure as Vice President of Finance where provided financial leadership for VF’s Jeanswear and Imagewear coalitions. From 2006 to 2012, he served as CFO of VF’s international business with financial oversight for the company’s European and Asian operations during a period of significant growth – nearly tripling its revenues. During this period, he also played central roles in VF’s largest acquisition (the brand) and divestiture (VF Intimates).
Prior to joining VF in 1996 as an Audit Manager, Roe was Division Controller at Alumax Inc. (now part of Alcoa) and held several roles with Blue Circle Inc. after beginning his career with Ernst & Young. He received a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Tennessee in 1987 and earned his CPA license in 1990.
Scott Baxter
Vice President, VF Corporation & Group President, Outdoor & Action Sports Americas
Mr. Scott Baxter is Vice President, VF Corporation & Group President, Outdoor & Action Sports Americas. He is responsible for leading the Americas business for VF’s largest coalition, which is home to the company’s three largest brands by revenue: ,  and .
Before being appointed to his current position in 2016, Mr. Baxter was Vice President, VF Corporation & Group President, Jeanswear, Imagewear and South America.
Mr. Baxter joined VF in 2007 as the President of the Licensed Sports Group. In 2008, he was named Coalition President for the Imagewear coalition, comprised of both the Image division and the Licensed Sports Group division. He came to VF with more than 20 years of global experience in operations, marketing, merchandising, sales and manufacturing. 
Prior to joining VF, Mr. Baxter served as Senior Vice President of The Home Depot Company, leading the Services Division. He also previously served as Executive Vice President of Edward Don & Company and held a series of leadership roles with Nestle and PepsiCo.
Mr. Baxter holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Toledo and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management.
Karl Heinz Salzburger
Vice President, VF Corporation & Group President, International
Mr. Karl Heinz Salzburger is Vice President, VF Corporation & Group President, International. Based in Lugano, Switzerland, Mr. Salzburger has responsibility for driving the growth of VF's diverse portfolio of brands throughout Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and the Asia Pacific region. 
Prior to his current appointment in December 2008, Mr. Salzburger served as President, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia since August 2006. He previously served as President of VF's Outdoor - International coalition since January 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Salzburger was President of brand and Chief Executive Officer of brand, Europe. Before joining VF in 1997, Mr. Salzburger served in various capacities for Benetton Sportsystem S.p.A., where he held positions such as President, Nordica Group and President, BSS Subsidiaries.
Mr. Salzburger holds a degree in economics from the University of Verona, and a master’s degree in international marketing from CUOA Vicenza.
Stephen Dull
Vice President - Strategy & Innovation
Mr. Stephen Dull is Vice President, Strategy and Innovation. His responsibilities include the identification of long-term strategic growth initiatives and brand development.
Mr. Dull joined VF in 2005 as Vice President, Strategy. In September 2010, he was named Vice President, Strategy and Innovation. 
Previously, Mr. Dull was the Lead Partner for Accenture's Brand Strategy Practice and its High Performance Business Marketing Initiative, where he developed marketing, sales and brand strategies for consumer products companies ranging from food, retail, financial services and electronics. From 1988 to 1997, Mr. Dull served in several positions at McKinsey & Company, working with numerous Fortune 50 clients on brand building, business development and marketing strategy. Mr. Dull led client teams in building consumer insights, new product development and other growth issues. He also started and led that firm's B2B marketing center. Before joining McKinsey, Mr. Dull worked at The Pillsbury Company on a diverse set of top consumer brands.
Mr. Dull holds a bachelor’s degree in International Political Science from Michigan State University and an MBA in marketing from the University of Michigan.
Thomas A. Glaser
Vice President, VF Corporation & President - Supply Chain
Mr. Thomas Glaser is Vice President, VF Corporation & President, Supply Chain. His responsibilities include the oversight of all of VF's global manufacturing, sourcing and operations.
Mr. Glaser joined VF in 2001 as Managing Director, VF Asia Ltd Sourcing in Hong Kong, where he played a key role in further diversifying and expanding VF's global sourcing network in support of the company's growing portfolio of brands. In 2006, Mr. Glaser was named President, Supply Chain, Europe/Asia and relocated to Lugano, Switzerland. In 2010, he was promoted to Vice President, Global Operations, a role that he held until being appointed to his current position in January 2012.
Prior to joining VF, Mr. Glaser served as Vice President of Sourcing and Operations for various brands of Phillips-Van Heusen (PVH). He began his career at PVH, where he held sales and sourcing management positions within the company's North America and Asia divisions.
Mr. Glaser holds a bachelor’s degree in government and economics from Franklin & Marshall College.
Anita Graham
Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
Ms. Anita Graham is  of VF Corporation. She joined VF in January 2014 and is responsible for leading all aspects of human resources across the corporation globally, including developing integrated programs to support the company's strategy, business plans and objectives.
Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
Previously, Ms. Graham served as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Administration Officer at ADT Corporation, where she led the HR, EHS and Corporate Communications functions. Prior to that, Ms. Graham was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer at Shire plc, an industry leader among worldwide specialty biopharmaceutical companies.
Ms. Graham holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial and labor relations from Cornell University and a master's degree in finance from the Stern School of Business at New York University.
Laura C. Meagher
Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary
Ms. Laura Meagher is Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary of VF Corporation. She holds overall responsibility for VF's legal function, including compliance with securities laws, mergers and acquisitions, general corporate law and corporate governance, and intellectual property law and litigation. Ms. Meagher joined VF in 2004 as Assistant General Counsel.
Ms. Meagher has been practicing corporate law for more than 20 years. Prior to being named to her current position in May 2012, she served as VF's Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, where she provided expertise on securities laws, mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance matters, as well as providing legal oversight for VF's Outdoor & Action Sports and Contemporary Brands coalitions. Ms. Meagher also served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Allen Telecom Inc. She began her career at Benesch, Friedlander, Coplan & Aronoff in Cleveland, Ohio, where she served as an attorney specializing in corporate law, mergers and acquisitions and commercial lending.
Ms. Meagher received her bachelor’s degree from Washington University in St. Louis and her J.D. from Case Western Reserve University, where she graduated magna cum laude. She was admitted to the Ohio Bar in 1989 and the North Carolina Bar in 2005.
Martin Schneider
Vice President & Chief Information Officer
Mr. Martin Schneider is Vice President & Chief Information Officer for VF Corporation. He is responsible for developing and executing strategies to integrate and align technology with VF's business plan objectives.
Prior to joining VF in 2006, Mr. Schneider served as Vice President of Global Technical & Manufacturing Systems for The Gillette Company in Boston, Mass., where he was responsible for all order-to-cash manufacturing, supply chain and procurement systems on a global basis. During his tenure with Gillette, Mr. Schneider also served as the Director of Eastern Hemisphere Shared Service Center in Germany and as Chief Information Officer for Duracell. 
Mr. Schneider holds a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of New Hampshire in Durham.
Brendan Sullivan
Vice President, Direct-to-Consumer
Mr. Brendan Sullivan is Vice President, Direct-to-Consumer for VF Corporation and is responsible for leading initiatives to enhance consumer connectivity across all touch points, including in-store, mobile and digital channels.
Mr. Sullivan joined VF in 2007 as Vice President, Retail Services. He has led the direct-to-consumer business for VF's Contemporary and brands. Most recently, his focus has been on leading the direct-to-consumer business in Europe. 
Prior to working at VF, Mr. Sullivan held various retail roles at leading companies including Borders Group and L Brands, where he focused on operations, merchandising and marketing.
Mr. Sullivan is an industry advisory board member for North Carolina State University's Fashion and Textile program, and obtained his bachelor’s degree in business administration from Aquinas College.
Franklin L. Terkelsen
Vice President, Business Development
Mr. Franklin L. Terkelsen is Vice President, Business Development. His responsibilities include the identification of growth opportunities, including acquisitions, divestitures and strategic alliances.
Mr. Terkelsen came to VF with more than a decade of experience in mergers, acquisitions and business development. Most recently he was Manager - Business Development, GE Transportation, a unit of General Electric Company, where he spearheaded a variety of growth initiatives, joint ventures and dispositions. From 1998 to 2003, he held several positions at General Electric related to acquisitions and business planning, including that of Staff Executive - Corporate Business Development, where he had overall responsibility for supporting several GE industrial business units in all aspects of the acquisition and disposition process. 
From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Terkelsen worked at CBC Companies as Manager, Business Development, where he was responsible for acquisition activity. He began his business career in 1986 with Fortune Brands, where he held a variety of positions in treasury and corporate development.
Mr. Terkelsen graduated from Cedarville University in 1986, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration.
Sitemap