Our Leadership | IPG


executive officers.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael I. Roth
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Frank Mergenthaler
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Talent Officer
Philippe Krakowsky
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Andrew Bonzani
Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Christopher Carroll
Senior Vice President, Audit and Chief Risk Officer
Julie M. Connors
Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer
Ellen T. Johnson
Senior Vice President of Global Taxation
Anthony G. Alexandrou
Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer
Simon Bond
Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer
Heide Gardner
Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer
John Halper
Senior Vice President, Corporate Services
Richard J. Haray
Senior Vice President, Talent
Joe Kelly
Senior Vice President, Managing Director
Peter Leinroth
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Jerome J. Leshne
Senior Vice President, Managing Director
Terry Peigh
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael I. Roth
Michael I. Roth is Chairman and CEO of Interpublic (NYSE: IPG), one of the world's largest organizations of advertising and marketing services companies.  Prior to serving in his current role, Roth was a member of the company’s Board of Directors. Since assuming leadership of Interpublic in 2005, Roth has righted the company’s financial course and moved to make it an industry leader by defining new models that provide value to clients in a rapidly-changing media and marketing environment. Prior to his current role, Roth was Chairman and CEO of The MONY Group Inc., a financial services holding company that provides a wide range of protection, asset accumulation and retail brokerage products and services through its member companies. Under Roth's leadership, The MONY Group diversified its business mix, broadened its distribution channels and enhanced its ability to compete in today's financial services marketplace. Roth is a member of the Board of Directors for Pitney Bowes Inc., the Ad Council and Ryman Hospitality Properties.  He sits on the Leadership Committee of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; the Board of Directors of the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy and The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA). In addition, he is a Director of The Baruch College Fund and The Partnership for New York City. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable. A certified public accountant, Roth holds an L.L.M. degree from New York University Law School and a J.D. from Boston University Law School. He is a 1967 graduate of the City College of New York.
Michael I. Roth in the press.
exchange4media Interviews Michael Roth at Cannes 2016
Business Insider Interviewed Michael Roth at Advertising Week Europe
Barron's
Michael Roth Talks to Barron's About IPG's Recent Successes and Marketplace Strategies
4A's President/CEO, Nancy Hill, Interviews Michael Roth at the 4A's Data Summit 2016
Bloomberg Radio Interviews Michael Roth
Dircomfidencial
Dircomfidencial Etrevista Exclusiva: Michael Roth
Michael Roth in Cannes: "It's important to stay ahead of the curve."
Michael Roth in Cannes: "Creativity is Still Our Industry's 'Secret Sauce'"
Michael Roth Moderates Dialogue with Verizon's Diego Scotti at the The Paley Center
Roth on the Importance of the Free Flow of Data
Roth Discusses IPG and Industry News with Maria Bartiromo
Michael Roth on the State of Advertising
Michael Roth Speaks with CNBC's Jim Cramer about IPG's Second Quarter Earnings
Barron's
CEO Spotlight: Michael Roth
Roth: Mobile Key To Agency Growth
Barron's
Sitemap