Director Biographies


Message from the CEO
Director Biographies
Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines
Director Biographies
 Director Biographies
Spencer Abraham
Director since 2005 Member of: Environmental, Health and Safety Committee; and, Executive Compensation Committee
Howard I. Atkins
Director since 2010 Member of: Audit Committee; and, Environmental, Health and Safety Committee
Eugene L. Batchelder
Director since 2013 Independent Chairman since 2015; Member of Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee
Stephen I. Chazen
Director since 2010
John E. Feick
Director since 1998 Chair of Environmental, Health and Safety Committee since 2012; Member of: Executive Compensation Committee; and, Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee
Margaret M. Foran
Director since 2010 Chair of Executive Compensation Committee since 2016; Member of Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee
Carlos M. Gutierrez
Director since 2009 Chair of Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee since 2016; Member of Audit Committee
Vicki A. Hollub
Director since 2015
William R. Klesse
Director since 2013 Member of: Executive Compensation Committee; and, Environment, Health and Safety Committee
Avedick B. Poladian
Director since 2008 Chair of Audit Committee since 2013; Member of Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee
Elisse B. Walter
Director since 2014 Member of Audit Committee and Environmental, Health and Safety Committee
Left Nav Top Link
Message from the CEO
Director Biographies
Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines
Christopher M. Degner
Senior Director, Investor Relations
Interested parties may communicate with any non-management director by sending a letter to such director's attention in care of Occidental's Corporate Secretary. The Corporate Secretary opens, logs and forwards all such correspondence (other than advertisements or other solicitations) to directors unless the director to whom the correspondence is addressed has requested the Corporate Secretary to forward correspondence unopened.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Attn: Corporate Secretary 5 Greenway Plaza, Suite 110 Houston, TX 77046-0506
Message from the CEO