UP: Executive Profiles


UPRR
Mobile Customer Apps
Mobile Menu
Crude by Rail
Executive Profiles    
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Vice Presidents
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Lance M. Fritz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Lance M. Fritz is Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. He became chairman of the board effective October 1, 2015. Fritz became president and chief executive officer February 5, 2015, when he also was elected to the corporation's board of directors.
He previously served as president and chief operating officer of Union Pacific Railroad, a position he had held since February 2014, after serving as executive vice president-Operations and vice president-Labor Relations, respectively. He began his Union Pacific career in July 2000 as vice president and general manager-Energy in the company's Marketing and Sales department.
Before joining Union Pacific, Fritz worked for Fiskars Inc., Cooper Industries and General Electric. He is a graduate of Bucknell University and earned a master's degree in management from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Fritz serves on a number of industry boards and committees, is Chairman of the United Way of the Midlands board of directors, and serves on the U.S. Chamber of Commerce board of directors and the Omaha Symphony board of directors.
He and his wife, Julie, have two children and are committed to helping women and children at risk in the Omaha community.
Executive Vice Presidents
Eric L. Butler, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Eric Butler has served as executive vice president and chief marketing officer since March 2012. In this position, he is responsible for Union Pacific's six major business units: agriculture, automobiles, chemicals, energy, industrial products and intermodal. Collectively, the business units account for nearly $20 billion in annual revenue. He also oversees the railroad's National Customer Service Center.
Previously, Butler had been vice president and general manager-Industrial Products, a position he had held since April 2005, after serving two years as vice president and general manager-Automotive. Since joining the railroad in 1986, Butler has held a number of positions including vice president-Supply, vice president-Planning and Analysis, and director-Corporate Compensation.
Butler graduated with a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering in 1981 and an MSIA in 1986, both from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
Diane K. Duren, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary
Diane K. Duren has served as executive vice president, chief administrative officer and corporate secretary since October 1, 2012. She is responsible for human resources, strategic planning and administration. 
Prior to this appointment, Duren served as vice president and general manager-Chemicals in Marketing and Sales.
Since joining Union Pacific in 1985, she has held a variety of positions in the Finance and Marketing and Sales departments, including vice president and general manager-Agricultural Products. In that capacity, she created a “fresh express” produce route to ship full trainloads of perishable food from producers in the West to key distribution points in Eastern metro areas.
In 2012, Duren was one of the honorees of the Women's Center for Advancement Tribute to Women. She was recognized by Profiles in Diversity Journal as one of the "Women Worth Watching in 2011," and that same year, she was awarded the Creighton University College of Business Alumni Merit Award. In 2008, Duren was recognized by Pink magazine, a magazine for professional women, as one of the top 15 women in business.
Prior to coming to the railroad, she was a certified public accountant with Deloitte, Haskins & Sells in Omaha.
Duren holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Creighton University. She has been active on multiple community and industry boards including Girl Scouts – Spirit of Nebraska and American Red Cross, of which she served as chair of the Heartland Chapter in 2010 and 2011. In 2014, Duren was appointed by Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert to the Metropolitan Entertainment & Convention Authority Board of Directors, and is the current Chairwoman of the Board. She also serves on the Board of Children’s Hospital and Medical Center as Vice Chair.
She and her husband, Drew Collier, have four sons. 
Rhonda S. Ferguson, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
Rhonda Ferguson is executive vice president and chief legal officer at Union Pacific. In this role, she oversees all aspects of the company’s legal affairs including commercial transactions and litigation, regulatory matters, labor and employment. Ferguson also leads the company’s compliance and ethics program, and risk management initiatives.
Prior to joining Union Pacific in 2016, Ferguson was FirstEnergy Corp. vice president, corporate secretary and chief ethics officer where she led teams responsible for corporate, real estate and compliance initiatives since 2007.
Ferguson previously served as assistant general counsel and assistant secretary with Ferro Corporation. She also served as a partner with Baker Hostetler LLP law firm and began her career with Thompson Hine LLP.
Ferguson has an undergraduate degree in engineering from Northwestern University and a J.D. degree from Case Western Reserve University. She and her husband, Clayton, have two children.
Robert M. Knight, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Robert M. Knight, Jr. was named executive vice president and chief financial officer of Union Pacific Corporation in February 2004. In his position, he is responsible for all financial activities of both the corporation and Union Pacific Railroad. 
Knight began his career with Union Pacific Corporation in 1980 and has held a variety of positions including serving as vice president and general manager - Energy and vice president and general manager - Automotive. In February 2002, Knight was named senior vice president - Finance of Union Pacific Corporation, the position he held until his election to his current position.
In 2014, Knight was ranked No. 2 on the Wall Street Journal’s list of the Top Performing CFO’s in the S&P 500. He was named as No. 1 CFO in the Airfreight and Surface Transportation sector in the Institutional Investor 2014, 2015, and 2016 rankings. Knight is a member of the Grupo Ferroviario Mexicano and TTX Company boards of directors.
Knight holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Kansas State University and a master’s degree in business administration from Southern Illinois University.
Knight and his wife have three children: a daughter who is an accountant, a son who is in public accounting, and a son who is an investment banker. 
Cameron Scott, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Cameron Scott has served as executive vice president and chief operating officer since February 2014. In this position he is responsible for train operations throughout 23 western states. He is in charge of all transportation services, including management and maintenance of locomotives, rail cars, tracks, train dispatching and crew calling.
In 2012, Scott was named vice president-Network Planning and Operations (NPO), responsible for directing the railroad’s service design and evaluation, transportation planning, network and capital planning, network development and joint facilities activities.
Prior to his appointment to NPO, he held the position of regional vice president–Western Region.
Scott joined the railroad in 1990 as a management trainee in Operating, and subsequently held many positions including Superintendent of the Utah, North Platte and Kansas City Service Units.
Scott graduated from Arizona State University with a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and has an MBA from the University of Texas.  He also completed the Executive Management Program at Stanford University.
He and his wife, Karen, have two sons.
D. Lynn Kelley, Ph.D., Senior Vice President-Supply Chain and Continuous Improvement
Lynn Kelley is senior vice president–Supply Chain and Continuous Improvement at Union Pacific Railroad. In this role, Kelley is responsible for sourcing, logistics, warehouse operations, fuel sourcing, fuel infrastructure, and industrial engineering/continuous improvement. She reports to the Chairman and CEO and is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and Operating Committee.
Prior to joining Union Pacific in 2011, Kelley was employed at Textron where she held the position of Vice President, Operational Excellence. She was responsible for Engineering, Integrated Supply Chain, Procurement and Corporate Six Sigma/Quality Councils across all business units, which include Cessna Aircraft and Bell Helicopter. During her Textron career, Kelley had several international assignments, where she was based in France and South Africa, and was responsible for activities at facilities located in Australia, Switzerland, France, Germany and South Africa.
Kelley was previously a professor, department chair, and director of the Master’s Degree in Quality and Operations Management at Madonna University, School of Business, in Livonia, Mich. She also served as executive vice president and chief operating officer for Doctors Hospital in Detroit.
Kelley holds a Ph.D. from Wayne State University, an M.B.A. from Michigan State University, and a bachelor's degree in Business Management from the University of Detroit-Mercy. She has published books in the fields of statistics and operational excellence.
In addition to her work at Union Pacific, Kelley serves on the non-profit boards of the Joslyn Art Museum and Lean Enterprise Institute.
Scott D. Moore, Senior Vice President-Corporate Relations
Scott D. Moore is senior vice president, Corporate Relations for Union Pacific. He has companywide responsibility for internal and external communications, public affairs, media relations, brand management and advertising. Moore serves as president of the Union Pacific Foundation.
Moore previously served as vice president – Public Affairs for Union Pacific’s nine-state western region. His responsibilities included state government relations, public partnerships, port affairs, community relations, and philanthropic programs across the nine-state region. Prior to that, he was assistant vice president and general manager – public partnerships. Moore joined Union Pacific as director – government affairs in 2000.
Prior to joining the railroad, Moore twice was elected Nebraska’s secretary of state, following eight years as a state senator from Nebraska’s 24th legislative district. His political career began when he was elected to Nebraska’s Unicameral Legislature in 1986.
A rural Nebraska native, Moore earned a BA in Political Science from the University of Nebraska. He is married to Danene J. Tushar. 
Lynden Tennison, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Lynden Tennison was named Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Union Pacific Corporation in February 2005. In his position, Tennison is responsible for organizing and managing the development, implementation and operation of Union Pacific Railroad’s information and telecommunications technologies.
Before his promotion, Tennison was vice president-Information Technologies and chief technology officer for Union Pacific Railroad. Tennison was named to that position in 2001 and had responsibility for the application systems and architectures for the entire company. From 1998 through 2001, Tennison was president and chief executive officer of Nexterna, a technology subsidiary of Union Pacific.
Prior to joining Union Pacific in 1992, Lynden spent five years with American Airlines’ SABRE division and was responsible for the Knowledge Systems organization. From 1979 through 1987, Lynden worked on various management and technical capacities for AT&T and Southwestern Bell Telephone.
Tennison has a bachelor’s degree from the University of Texas at Arlington. He is a member of the board of directors for several corporation boards and is involved in both church and community activities.
Mary S. Jones, Vice President and Treasurer
Mary S. Jones was named vice president and treasurer of Union Pacific Corporation in March 1999. In her position, Jones is responsible for corporate finance, investor relations, insurance, banking and cash management, and oversight of the company’s benefit plan investments.
Jones joined Union Pacific in 1980 and has held a variety of financial positions during her tenure, including vice president-Investor Relations, the position she held before her promotion to vice president and treasurer.
Jones began her career with Doubleday & Co. in New York and holds a master's degree in Finance and Marketing from Columbia University, and a bachelor's degree from Carleton College.
In addition to her work at Union Pacific, Jones is a trustee for the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust and a member of the board of directors of the Omaha Community Foundation and Nebraska Wesleyan University.
Joseph E. O'Connor, Jr., Vice President-Labor Relations
Joseph E. O’Connor, Jr. was named vice president-Labor Relations in February 2014. Previously, he had served as vice president-Purchasing.
In his position, O’Connor is responsible for the negotiation and administration of all collective bargaining agreements for Union Pacific's 44,000 unionized employees. The bargaining agreements, negotiated with 15 unions representing Union Pacific employees, comprehensively govern such subjects as wages, work rules and health and welfare benefits. He also represents Union Pacific on the five-member National Carriers' Conference Committee (NCCC). The NCCC negotiates major contracts on an industrywide basis for most Class 1s and many smaller railroads.
O’Connor started his career with Union Pacific in 1987, and has held a number of positions including controller, vice president-Bulk Products, and vice president-Planning and Analysis.
O’Connor received a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from Notre Dame and an MSIA from Carnegie Mellon University.
Mike Rock, Vice President-External Relations
Mike Rock was appointed vice president–External Relations in 2007. He operates out of the Washington, D.C., office of Union Pacific Corporation and its subsidiary, Union Pacific Railroad.
From 1998 to 2006, he served as assistant vice president-External Relations, and from 1992 to 1998, Rock served as the director of Washington Affairs for Transportation. Prior to taking that position, he worked at Union Pacific’s hazardous waste management subsidiary, USPCI, as its director of State Relations in Houston, Texas.
In 1989, under Secretary Sam Skinner, Rock served as deputy director of Congressional Affairs at the U.S. Department of Transportation. Before joining DOT, he was Minority Professional Staff on the Surface Transportation Subcommittee of the U.S. House Public Works and Transportation Committee. He was also the legislative director for Congressman Bud Shuster (R-PA).
Rock holds a bachelor's degree from Dickinson College.
Executive Profiles
Instagram