Our Leadership | About Us | Toys“R”Us, Inc.


Student Opportunities
David A. Brandon
David A. Brandon joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in July 2015 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He leads the organization of 62,000 employees in leveraging the strength of the Toys“R”Us brand and positioning the global franchise of more than 1,800 stores in 38 countries for long-term profitable growth.
Mr. Brandon has deep experience in growing businesses, developing talent and building high-performance cultures that enable organizations to create and capture value. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Domino’s Pizza for 11 years, he led the company to unprecedented profit growth and the successful completion of the largest initial public offering in restaurant history, which subsequently doubled Domino’s enterprise value to $2.5 billion. Mr. Brandon has remained Chairman of the Board of Domino’s as the company has further grown its value to over $7 billion.
Prior to his tenure at Domino’s, Mr. Brandon served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Valassis Communications for nine years, a period during which he made significant improvements in its operational performance and led the company’s transition from a private family-owned business to a publicly-traded industry leader of media and marketing services.
Earlier in his career, Mr. Brandon spent five years with Procter & Gamble Co., one of the leading providers of consumer packaged goods worldwide, in roles of increasing responsibility. He most recently served for nearly five years as Director of Intercollegiate Athletics for his alma mater, the University of Michigan.
Mr. Brandon received a bachelor’s degree in speech communications from the University of Michigan, where he attended on a football scholarship and was the member of three Big Ten Championship teams. In addition to serving as Chairman of the Board of Domino’s, currently he is a member of the Board of Directors of DTE Energy Company and Herman Miller, Inc.
Richard Barry
As Executive Vice President, Global Chief Merchandising Officer, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Richard Barry is responsible for delivering a coordinated strategic approach to all merchandising decisions for the company’s business worldwide. He provides leadership as the Chair of the company’s Global Commercial Committee, which takes a unified view in working with business partners to develop key merchandising and licensing partnerships, and in identifying product trends and innovation to advance its authority position. He also leads the “R”Us Brands team, which includes product development, brand management and the company’s China Sourcing Office.
In the U.S., Mr. Barry is responsible for all toy merchandising and store planning initiatives for the more than 860 Toys“R”Us and Babies“R”Us locations nationwide. In this capacity, he leads a team of merchants in discovering new product categories and hot items to drive strategic merchandising programs.
During his 30-year tenure at Toys“R”Us, which spans roles across the U.S. and the U.K., he has accumulated broad experience in all aspects of sales, operations and merchandising, through positions of increasing seniority. Mr. Barry joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in 1985 as a part-time employee in the U.K., and in 2004, he was promoted to Merchandising Director for Toys“R”Us, International, where he managed buying decisions for categories including Video Games, Electronics, Learning and Sports.
The following year, Mr. Barry was appointed Vice President, Divisional Merchandising Manager for the Learning, Electronics and Entertainment businesses for the company’s U.S. toy stores. In 2010, he was named Vice President, General Merchandising Manager, Toys“R”Us, U.S., overseeing the Learning, Electronics and Entertainment product categories. Mr. Barry was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer, Toys“R”Us, U.S., in February 2012, and was subsequently named to his current position in October of the same year.
Mr. Barry serves on the Board of the Entertainment Merchants Association. In addition, he was elected to the Board of Directors for the Toy Industry Association in February 2013, the Toy Industry Foundation in February 2014 and the International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association in June 2015.
Tim Grace
As Executive Vice President, Global Chief Talent Officer, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Tim Grace oversees all global human resources functions, including organizational design, talent acquisition, succession planning, learning, change management and labor and employee relations, as well as compensation and benefits. In championing the company’s 66,000 team members around the world, he fosters a results-oriented culture where talent thrives.
Mr. Grace previously served as Group Vice President, Human Resources, L’Oreal Group, where he led all human resources functions across North and South America. Prior to that, he spent 12 years at Schindler Elevator Corporation as Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration. In this role, Mr. Grace was responsible for human resources in the Americas, and led many initiatives designed to ensure innovative and progressive human resources practices throughout the entire global organization. Earlier in his career, he held various senior human resources roles at Wise Foods, Diageo (formerly Grand Metropolitan) and in the Frito Lay division of PepsiCo.
Mr. Grace received a bachelor’s degree in industrial psychology from the State University of New York at Fredonia and Master of Science in Industrial and Labor Relations from West Virginia University.
Richard Lennox
As Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Toys“R”Us, U.S., Richard Lennox is responsible for all components of the marketing strategy for the company’s portfolio of brands. In this capacity, he leads the development of the brand strategy to drive customer loyalty, and optimizes the company’s marketing presence in the U.S. to reach and connect with customers.
Before joining Toys“R”Us, Inc. in 2014, Mr. Lennox served for five years as Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and e-commerce Officer at Zales Corporation, where he was instrumental in the development of the company’s strategic plan and re-engineered its marketing strategy to restore customer connections with the brand. He also led several cross-functional teams in marketing, product development, consumer analytics and e-commerce, and assisted in developing the company’s omnichannel capabilities. Mr. Lennox was part of a team that transformed the company, leading to 14 consecutive quarters of positive comparable same-store sales growth, until its acquisition in 2014 by Signet.
Prior to his tenure with Zales, Mr. Lennox gained 20 years of experience in marketing with J. Walter Thompson, where he held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility globally and for 10 years, led the De Beers Group, overseeing all operations for its U.S. marketing function, as well as new product and business development. During that time, Mr. Lennox served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Marketing Director, and was subsequently promoted to Global Director in Charge. In these roles, he led a cross-functional team that developed the “A Diamond is Forever” marketing campaign. Under his guidance, this campaign won eight Effie Awards, a preeminent honor in the marketing industry for marketing effectiveness.
Mr. Lennox serves on the Board of Directors for the Toys“R”Us Children’s Fund.
He received his bachelor’s degree in Zoology from Reading University in Berkshire, United Kingdom.
Debbie Lentz
As Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Debbie Lentz is responsible for directing distribution and customs compliance, global importing and exporting, fleet operations and domestic transportation for the company’s U.S. business. In this role, she also oversees inventory planning and allocation as well as e-commerce fulfillment, while driving efforts to significantly improve the company’s in-stock position in-store and online, ensuring that customers can shop whenever, wherever and however they choose. Additionally, she leads the company’s logistics strategy for international markets to improve global supply chain efficiencies as part of the company’s “TRU Transformation” strategy.
Before joining Toys“R”Us, Inc. in 2014, Ms. Lentz spent 13 years at Kraft Foods Group, where she most recently held the position of Senior Vice President, Customer Service and Logistics. In this role, she oversaw 3,500 associates across a network of distribution centers, direct store delivery branches, a transportation fleet and more. Prior to this role, she lived and worked in Zurich, Switzerland where she led logistics to include global exports, fulfillment, product supply and customer service for 23 countries in Europe. Throughout her tenure with Kraft, Ms. Lentz also held positions in global procurement, information systems, manufacturing operations and supply chain across the company’s multiple businesses in North America and Europe.
Earlier in her career, Ms. Lentz worked for Nabisco Foods Group, culminating in the position of Senior Director, Logistics Operations, where she managed all transportation, distribution and warehousing activities.
Ms. Lentz is a member of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals and was appointed to its Board of Directors in 2015. She is also an advisor for Achieving Women’s Excellence in Supply Chain Operations Management and Education (AWESOME) and serves on the Board of Directors of the International Women’s Forum Leadership Foundation. Additionally, Ms. Lentz has been honored with several accolades for excellence in supply chain management, including the Robert D. Pashek Award for Outstanding Achievement in Supply Chain from Penn State University in 2008, The DSC Logistics Thinkers and Movers Award for innovative leadership in 2013, and the AWESOME Legendary Leadership award in 2015.
Ms. Lentz received her bachelor’s degree in business logistics from Penn State University and a Master of Business Administration in operations management and personnel and labor relations from the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania.
Dr. Wolfgang Link
As President, Toys“R”Us, Europe, Dr. Wolfgang Link oversees the company’s business throughout the continent, including 350 stores and nine e-commerce sites. In this role, Dr. Link has broad responsibility for marketing, merchandising, store operations, e-commerce and customer service excellence. Additionally, he is the Chairman of the company’s European Management Board.
Dr. Link joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in August 2007 as Managing Director, Toys“R”Us, Central Europe, directing business activities for approximately 95 stores in Austria, Germany, Switzerland and Poland, where he spearheaded the company’s successful market entry in 2011. During his tenure with the company, he has been instrumental in strengthening and developing the company’s Central European business. Dr. Link was promoted to his current position and appointed to the company’s Global Executive Committee in October 2013. Since that time, he has led the organization in adopting a pan-European approach for its business operations across the continent.
Prior to joining the company, Dr. Link spent three years as Managing Director, Specialty Stores at ElectronicPartner, a leading retail services and buying organization in consumer electronics, appliances, information technology/multimedia and telecommunications. In this capacity, he was responsible for the operation of more than 200 stores in Germany, Hungary and Turkey. He also served as one of four members of the company’s Executive Board. Earlier in his career, Dr. Link spent eight years at the METRO Cash and Carry Group, one of the top five worldwide retail groups, serving in a variety of leadership roles, including Assistant Manager to the CEO; Vice President, Marketing and Corporate Development; and Managing Director, Sales and Marketing, in Austria and Spain. Before entering the retail industry, Dr. Link spent three years as an Assistant Professor to the Chair of International Management at the University of Ingolstadt in Germany.
Dr. Link earned his bachelor’s degree and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Nuremberg and his doctorate of philosophy in international management from the University of Ingolstadt, both in Germany.
Kevin Macnab
As Executive Vice President, Special Assistant/Office of the Chairman, Kevin Macnab provides overall support to the leadership team, ensuring collaboration and alignment across all functions in driving the company’s growth strategy. He also provides leadership for the company’s 82 stores in Canada, as well as its e-commerce business.
Mr. Macnab joined the company in 2000 and served for seven years as Vice President of Finance, Real Estate and Information Technology for Toys“R”Us, Canada. He was promoted to President, Toys“R”Us, Canada in 2007. In this capacity, he has successfully led the company’s growth and category leadership in Canada by continually seeking opportunities to increase market share through omnichannel strategies and new store growth, as well as customer-centric store designs and layouts. He was named to his current role in September 2015.
Previously, Mr. Macnab spent 20 years in the retail and finance industries, working in the United Kingdom and Canada, where he held leadership positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers, Marks and Spencer and D’Allaird’s Stores. Mr. Macnab earned a bachelor’s degree with honors in business from De Montfort University in Leicester, U.K., and a Chartered Accountant certification from PricewaterhouseCoopers in London.
Mr. Macnab currently serves on the Board of the Retail Council of Canada and on the Board of Autism Speaks Canada.
Reg McLay
As Senior Vice President, Babies“R”Us, Reg McLay leads the U.S. merchandising team in driving product innovation, building meaningful relationships with new and expectant parents and re-inventing the company’s popular baby registry. Additionally, Mr. McLay serves as a member of the Global Commercial Committee, in driving a strategic approach to working with business partners in worldwide matters related to the baby business.
An accomplished executive with a depth of broad retail merchandising and operations expertise, Mr. McLay has more than 30 years of experience in the retail industry. Prior to joining Toys“R”Us, Inc. in 2015, he most recently served as Senior Vice President, Merchandise Sourcing and Innovation at Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, a highly respected company with businesses spanning across a broad array of general merchandise and apparel categories. In this capacity, Mr. McLay was responsible for managing shared service capabilities across all business units and leading a corporate initiative to drive a culture of innovation across the organization. He also held other high-level merchandising, marketing, business development and sourcing positions during his time with the company.
Prior to his tenure at Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, Mr. McLay worked in roles of increasing responsibility in senior buying and operations for Zellers Inc., at a time when it was considered to be one of the most innovative and powerful retailers in Canada.
Mr. McLay received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Wilfrid Laurier University in Ontario, Canada.
David J. Schwartz
As Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Toys“R”Us, Inc., David Schwartz is responsible for all legal and regulatory affairs within the company and serves as the Corporate Secretary to the boards of Toys“R”Us, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Mr. Schwartz oversees a team of attorneys who perform numerous legal functions in a variety of practice areas, including real estate, employment and labor, intellectual property, litigation, regulatory compliance and securities. He also manages the company’s international licensed store operations and leads its global Safety and Quality Assurance program as Chairman of the Global Product Safety Policy Committee.
Mr. Schwartz joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in 2001 as Vice President, Corporate Counsel, and was promoted to Deputy General Counsel in 2002. In this role, he became responsible for managing the organization’s legal department. Mr. Schwartz was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in 2003, and in 2008, was appointed to the Executive Committee. He subsequently assumed responsibility for the organization’s Safety and Quality Assurance program. Mr. Schwartz was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2009.
Prior to joining Toys“R”Us, Inc., Mr. Schwartz was a corporate partner at Anderson, Kill & Olick, P.C., where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions and the formation of private investment funds.
Mr. Schwartz holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Duke University, a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania School of Law and a Masters of Business Administration from Columbia University Business School. In 2012, Mr. Schwartz was named a “Top General Counsel” by ExecRank, the definitive ranking service of leading executives.
Mr. Schwartz serves as a Director on the Boards of Directors of the Toys“R”Us Children’s Fund and Toys“R”Us, Japan Ltd.
Michael J. Short
Michael J. Short joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in June 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In this capacity, he provides leadership for financial planning and analysis, internal audit, financial reporting, tax, treasury and investor relations across the company’s worldwide business operations. Additionally, Mr. Short is responsible for the company’s information technology infrastructure. He also serves as a member of the company’s Global Executive Committee.
Mr. Short is a seasoned finance executive with broad retail and corporate development experience. Prior to joining Toys“R”Us, Inc., he was most recently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AutoNation for seven years. Before that, Mr. Short served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Universal Orlando. Earlier in his career, he held a variety of finance positions at Universal Orlando, Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc. and IBM Corporation. Mr. Short was also a helicopter pilot and tactics instructor for the United States Navy, based out of Norfolk, VA.
He is a graduate of the United States Naval Academy and received a Masters of Business Administration from Columbia University Business School. Mr. Short serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Give Kids the World, a charity that fulfills the wishes of children with life-threatening illnesses.
Joe Venezia
As Executive Vice President, Global Store Operations, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Joe Venezia is responsible for delivering an exceptional shopping experience for customers across the company’s more than 850 Toys“R”Us and Babies“R”Us stores nationwide, as well as for providing strategic direction and support for Global Store Operations. This includes leading global initiatives and facilitating best practices in the operations area. Mr. Venezia also serves as a member of the company’s Global Leadership Team.
Mr. Venezia joined Toys“R”Us, Inc. in February 2014 as Senior Vice President, Store Operations, where he played a key role in the company’s transformation process. He led efforts to drive the U.S. business forward and delivered consistent operational execution across all stores while improving customer satisfaction and developing a strong store operations team.
Prior to joining the company, Mr. Venezia was Senior Vice President of Store Operations for The Pantry, where he oversaw more than 1,700 convenience stores and quick-service restaurants across 13 states in the Southeastern U.S. Earlier in his career, he served as Senior Vice President of Walmart U.S. and President for the company’s Northeast division, as well as President and General Manager for Wells Fargo Merchant Services. He also spent eight years at Procter & Gamble in numerous brand management roles.
A military veteran, Mr. Venezia served as an Airborne Ranger Officer in the U.S. Army Infantry for nine years and was deployed abroad three times. He was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for demonstrated bravery during Operation Desert Storm in Iraq.
Mr. Venezia received a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York.
Amy von Walter
As Executive Vice President, Global Communications and Public Relations, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Amy von Walter is responsible for both external and internal communications for the company. This includes strategic efforts related to media relations, crisis management and brand reputation, as well as special events and team member engagement. She also leads philanthropic efforts, emphasizing the company’s commitment to keeping children safe and helping them in times of need.
Prior to joining the company, Ms. von Walter served as Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs, Best Buy, where she led the corporate communications, brand public relations and internal communications teams. Before that she held a variety of leadership positions in public relations, public affairs, corporate and internal communications for companies including Medtronic, HealthPartners, an integrated healthcare company, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Metropolitan Airports Commission. She has also worked for Target Corporation and CBS Radio.
Ms. von Walter received a bachelor’s degree in broadcast journalism and public relations from the University of Minnesota.
Lance Wills
As the company’s first Executive Vice President, Global Chief Technology Officer, Toys“R”Us, Inc., Lance Wills is responsible for global IT and digital strategy for the company, bridging both data and business operations. In addition to governance and infrastructure, Mr. Wills oversees end-to-end strategy, design and implementation of the company’s digital road map, ensuring the ongoing enhancement of the customer experience by providing a seamless approach through all available shopping channels.
Mr. Wills previously served as Vice President, Global Head of Digital Technology, American Eagle Outfitters, where he led the company’s online and in-store technology groups, as well as those of the AEO subsidiary brands. Earlier in his career, he served as Vice President, Direct and Omni Channel Technologies at Macy’s, Inc. and held various consulting and technology roles within Thomson Reuters (previously Thomson Publishing) in London and San Francisco.
Mr. Wills received a Diploma in Information Technology from the Central Institute of Technology in Wellington, New Zealand. 
Snapchat
Student Opportunities
Sitemap
© 2016 Geoffrey, LLC. All Rights Reserved