Tyson Foods: Executive Bios 


Tyson Overview
Hillshire
Tyson Overview
Student
Tyson Overview
Bacon
Executive Bios
Donnie Smith
Chief Executive Officer
As CEO of Tyson Foods, Donnie’s enthusiasm is contagious among the company's more than 113,000 Team Members. His passion is the hallmark of his tenure, which began in 2009. Daily he guides Tyson Foods to be a company with a conscience, focused on feeding the world great, affordable food, while also making a positive difference in people’s lives.
Through his career, Donnie has worked to learn every angle of the Tyson Foods business. He joined Tyson in 1980, working in poultry operations for seven years in Tennessee before moving to the company’s headquarters in Springdale, Ark., where he started as a commodity buyer. He was named director of commodity purchasing in 1991 and during the next several years added complementary responsibilities to his management portfolio: logistics, purchasing and information systems in 2006; and engineering, food safety and quality assurance, and environmental, health and safety in 2007. He moved into the company's consumer products division in 2008 and was named senior group vice president of poultry and prepared foods in early 2009, the same year he was appointed president and CEO.
A native of Tennessee, Donnie graduated from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville with a bachelor’s degree in animal science.
Tom Hayes
President
Tom Hayes is a consumer products veteran who works with the CEO to leverage Tyson Foods’ scale and develop brands to drive growth. He is responsible for the company’s business units: retail packaged brands, international and global growth, North American operations, strategy and new ventures, as well as the support functions of corporate affairs and operations services.
Prior to his current position, Tom was chief commercial officer for Tyson Foods, overseeing all North American sales in addition to the foodservice prepared foods P&L. He also previously served as president of foodservice. Tom came to Tyson with acquisition of The Hillshire Brands Company, where he held the position of chief supply chain officer responsible for operations including procurement, manufacturing, food safety and quality, engineering and logistics.
Previously, Tom was senior vice president and chief supply chain officer for Sara Lee North America, responsible for the company’s North American Retail and Foodservice businesses’ supply chain activities. Prior to this role, Tom was president of Sara Lee Foodservice. Before joining Sara Lee in 2006, Tom served as group vice president of US Foodservice, Inc., where he oversaw the turnaround needs of broad line distribution facilities in the Northeast. A 29-year veteran of the consumer products industry, Tom has held general management, sales and marketing roles at ConAgra Foods, The Fort James Corporation, Stella Foods and Kraft Foods.
Tom has served on the and the board of directors for the International Foodservice Manufacturers Association (IFMA). Tom earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from the University of New Hampshire and a Master of Business Administration degree from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management
executive committee of the board of the North American Meat Institute (NAMI) 
Dennis Leatherby
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Dennis oversees worldwide finance and accounting functions for Tyson Foods and represents the company on matters involving investors, banks, ratings agencies, auditors and other financial matters. Dennis, who has played an active role in many of Tyson Foods’ acquisitions, was appointed executive vice president and Chief Financial Officer in 2008.
He joined Tyson Foods in 1990 as assistant Treasurer and has since held several other finance-related management positions, including Tyson Foods’ senior vice president of finance and Treasurer, and interim Chief Financial Officer.
Dennis ensures the company’s fiscal responsibilities are in line with its stated commitment to make great food and make a difference in people’s lives. He has helped Tyson Foods become the world’s largest processor and marketer of chicken, beef and pork, and a leader that takes pride in the safety and quality of its products.
He was named Outstanding Financial Executive of the Year (2009-10) by his alma mater, Kansas State University College of Business Administration. He is currently on the board of the Garrison Financial Institute within the Sam M. Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas; an advisory council member of the Kansas State University, College of Business Administration; and member of the Staff-Parish Relations Committee at Central United Methodist Church in Fayetteville, Ark.
Dennis earned bachelor's degrees in both accounting and finance from Kansas State University.
Mary Oleksiuk
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Mary Oleksiuk leads human resources for Tyson Foods and is responsible for the company's human resources strategy and function, including talent, leadership, culture, total rewards, and performance excellence.
Oleksiuk came to Tyson from The Hillshire Brands Company where she served as the chief human resources officer. Prior to Hillshire Brands, she served as chief human resources officer and senior vice president for Discover Financial Services.
Earlier in her career, she was senior vice president, global human resources for Alberto Culver Company. Before that, Oleksiuk held numerous leadership roles in human resources at companies such as Limited Brands, Inc., Orbitz, and Solucient/Thomson Reuters. She began her career at Honeywell/AlliedSignal.
Oleksiuk received dual bachelor's degrees in Computer Science and Biology from Wayne State University. She also completed a Master of Science in Biology at the University of Illinois.
David L. Van Bebber
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
As the company's chief legal officer, David oversees legal matters as well as internal audit, compliance, and the areas of workers compensation and claims.
Since joining Tyson Foods in 1986 as corporate counsel, David has held various officer positions with the company. He was vice president and director of Legal Services, senior vice president of Legal Services and senior vice president and deputy general counsel. David also previously served as general counsel and secretary of the Lane Processing Companies of Arkansas. He participated in the negotiation and sale of Lane to Tyson Foods in 1986.
David is a member of the Arkansas and American Bar Associations, as well as the American Corporate Counsel Association. David also is a board member and vice president of Life Styles Inc. of Fayetteville, Ark., a non-profit organization serving those in the community with physical and mental disabilities.
A native of De Queen, Ark., David earned a bachelor’s from the University of Arkansas and a law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law.
Andy Callahan  
President of Retail Packaged Brands
Andy Callahan manages our retail consumer brands, including Jimmy Dean®, Ball Park®, Hillshire Farm®, Sara Lee®, Tyson® frozen, value-added poultry, and Wright® Brand bacon. Andy also leads Hillshire's Gourmet Food Group and Tyson Pet Products, Inc., which makes True Chews® brand dog treats.
Andy previously served as president, retail, for The Hillshire Brands Company, managing the company's consumer-facing meats and frozen desserts businesses in North America. Prior to this position, he served as senior vice president, chief customer officer for Sara Lee Corporation's North American operations, as well as president of Sara Lee's $1.8 billion North American foodservice segment and vice president of marketing for Sara Lee's breakfast and snacking business unit.
Andy joined Sara Lee in 2008 from Kraft Foods, Inc., where he spent 13 years in various positions in increasing responsibility in marketing, sales, and general management. His roles at Kraft included vice president, customer development, on Kraft's SUPERVALU business, general manager of The Churney Company and leading Kraft's processed cheese portfolio.
Prior to Kraft, Andy spent seven years in the Navy as a Naval Flight Officer.
Sally Grimes  
President of International and Chief Global Growth Officer
Sally Grimes leads Tyson Foods' international business and our insights, innovations, R&D, and global brand strategy teams to maximize global growth of our brands, outside and inside the U.S. She also has shared responsibility with our poultry and fresh meats businesses for exports, as they play a key role in our global brand and growth goals.
Sally was previously chief innovation officer for The Hillshire Brands Company and also served as president of the Hillshire Brands Gourmet Food Group (GFG).
Sally joined The Hillshire Brands Company in 2012 and was responsible for the company's innovation process, including identifying strategies, business opportunities and new technologies, as well as developing new capabilities with partners, new business models, and new industry structures to serve those opportunities.
In addition, Sally oversaw the GFG, where she was responsible for gourmet artisanal brands, including Aidells®, Gallo Salame®, and Golden Island® jerky.
Previously, Sally served as global vice president of marketing at Newell Rubbermaid, Inc., and spent ten years at Kraft Foods, Inc., in a variety of brand management positions, rising from associate brand manager to senior category business director. She began her career in banking.
Sally received her Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago. She was recognized by Fast Company as one of The "100 Most Creative People in business 2012" and by Ad Age as one of the "24 Women to Watch in 2013."
Donnie King
President of North American Operations
Donnie King leads Tyson Foods' North American operations, including poultry, fresh meats, and prepared foods. Donnie is also responsible for our continuous improvement initiatives in all areas of our business. Additionally, Donnie shares responsibility with our international business for export sales of our poultry and fresh meats businesses.
Before taking his current position, Donnie was named Tyson Foods' president of prepared foods, customer and consumer solutions in late 2013. Prior to that time, he served as senior group vice president of poultry and prepared foods, a role he assumed in 2009.
Previously, Donnie served as group vice president of refrigerated and deli, fowl and export sales. He also held a variety of senior management positions, including senior vice president of food service operations, senior vice president of consumer products operations, and group vice president of poultry and prepared foods operations.
Donnie joined Tyson Foods in 1982 and, soon after, became a poultry plant manager, before progressing as a poultry complex manager and director of logistics.
He is a member of the executive committee of the National Chicken Council’s board of directors and a former member of the U.S. Poultry and Egg Association. Donnie has a bachelor’s in business management from the University of Arkansas at Monticello.
Sara Lilygren
Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs
Sara leads Tyson Foods' global government relations and public policy, public relations, corporate communications, philanthropy, and social responsibility initiatives. She serves on the company’s enterprise leadership team, and her department serves as the “face” of the company with respect to its corporate brand and reputation. She and her team also work closely with the company’s investor relations, sustainable food production, and consumer brand marketing practices.
Previously, she launched and led the company’s government relations practice in Washington, DC. Before joining Tyson Foods in 2002, Sara led the government and public affairs practice for the leading national association representing U.S. beef, pork, lamb, veal and turkey companies, now called the North American Meat Institute (NAMI). She also handled public relations for an association representing the processed foods industry, now called the Grocery Manufacturers Association. She began her career working on food and philanthropy accounts at a Washington, DC, public affairs agency.
Sara is currently an officer of the North American Meat Institute and serves on numerous business, civic and philanthropic boards, among them the National Chicken Council, Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport Authority and the Walton Arts Center. She earned a bachelor's degree in foreign affairs from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Va.
Monica McGurk 
Senior Vice President of  Strategy and Ventures
As senior vice president of
entures, Monica McGurk leads Tyson Foods’ strategic planning and efforts
Monica has more than two decades of strateg
and organizational experience. Before joining Tyson Foods in 2016, she worked for the Coca-Cola Company, where she was senior vice president of
she was the founding CEO of big data-driven startup, The Alumni Factor, and
Monica holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Stanford University
Mike Roetzel 
Executive Vice President of Operation Services
Mike Roetzel oversees Operation Services, which includes such important functions as food and worker safety, environmental stewardship and compliance, information systems, purchasing, distribution, animal well-being, aviation and corporate services.
He began his career with Tyson Foods in 1986 as the controller for the transportation and warehousing division. Soon after, Mike was named director of sales accounting and has held numerous leadership positions with Tyson Foods, including director of transportation, vice president of commodity purchasing, and finally, senior vice president of purchasing, which is the role he held from 2008 through 2013.
Mike is a Springdale, Ark., native and earned his bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Arkansas. He was certified as a public accountant a short time later.
Tyson Foods’ Board of Directors is comprised of successful leaders in diverse businesses and led by Chairman John Tyson, grandson of the company’s founder.
Donnie Smith at North Carolina A&T