Management Team | Poland | State Street Corporation


Private Equity Services
Private Equity Services
Scott Newman, Senior Vice President, Managing Director State Street Bank GmbH, Poland Branch
Scott Newman is senior vice president, managing director and board member of State Street Bank GmbH Poland branch. In this role, Scott is responsible for leading the local management team, business development and governance of the organisation. The State Street Poland office was established in November 2007 and has since grown to more than 2,000 employees providing fund accounting, derivatives, securities pricing, hedge fund administration and performance and analytics to more than 190 clients on behalf of 10 State Street offices.
Before transferring to State Street in Kraków, Scott was based in Munich, where he led the research and set-up of the new office in Kraków, and also held relationship and project management roles. Scott joined State Street in 2003 through the acquisition of Deutsche Bank’s global custody business, at which time he was based in Frankfurt, Germany and worked extensively on the acquisition and integration.
At Deutsche Bank, Scott held roles in custody client service, product development and PMO.
Simon Baylis
Vice President, Head of Poland Operations
Simon Baylis is a vice president and head of operations for the State Street business in Kraków. In this capacity, he is responsible for the direct oversight and management of fund accounting, financial reporting, KIID production and investment management services, delivered to nine State Street locations across Europe.
Mr. Baylis is also responsible for the coordination of all local operational activity relating to hedge fund administration, exchange traded derivative processing, performance and risk measurement, and project management. He is also the business continuity director for State Street in Poland.
Mr. Baylis was appointed in October 2010, prior to which he held a position as business unit head at State Street in London where he was responsible for the service delivery to asset owner and sovereign wealth clients based in the UK, Scandinavia and the Middle East. He has more than 20 years of experience at State Street.  
Renata Szostak
Vice President, Head of Global Human Resources in Poland
Renata Szostak is a vice president and head of Global Human Resources (GHR) for State Street Poland. She is responsible for human resources management, including managing and monitoring payroll, regulatory and internal reporting, compliance with local employment regulations and company policies, oversight of compensation, and benefits and talent management functions. She joined State Street in 2008 and is a member of the Poland governance team.
Prior to State Street, Ms. Szostak worked for more than eight years for RR Donnelley, a US-based print solutions provider employing more than 2,000 staff in Poland. These included supporting a green field operations set up in Russia and Hungary, and leading a Human Resources Information System (HRIS) implementation in EMEA that included interfaces to payroll.
Ms. Szostak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the Polish Open University accredited by Oxford Brookes University as well as a Master of Arts degree in modern European studies from North London University. Her areas of expertise include labour law in Central and Eastern Europe, people management, employee engagement and compensation and benefits.
Paul McCready
Vice President, Head of Fund Accounting Operations for Germany and the Netherlands and Head of SSGX operations
Paul McCready is a vice president with responsibility for the Fund Accounting and Collateral Management Service delivery to the UK, Germany and Netherlands. He is also the head of Krakow operations for State Street Global Exchange.
Prior to joining the team in Krakow in 2010, Paul was based in Edinburgh, UK with responsibility for customer service to institutional clients based in Europe and the Middle East. 
Ewa Barkan-SlabonEwa Barkan-Słaboń
Assistant Vice President, Head of Finance
Ewa Barkan-Słaboń is responsible for all financial aspects of State Street's operations in Poland, including accounting, preparation of annual financial statements, tax settlements and interactions with tax administration as well as regulatory reporting. Her duties also include activities related to financial planning and analysis, such as budgeting, financial forecasting, and providing consultative support to various business initiatives through financial information analyses and reports. Ms. Barkan-Słaboń has been at State Street since April 2008.
Prior to joining the company, Ms. Barkan-Słaboń held the position of financial controller in the Polish subsidiary of a large Scandinavian tobacco manufacturer – Skandinavisk Tobakskompagni A/S. She holds a Master of Management and Business Administration degree from the University of Illinois.