Tech Data Corporation - Executive Officers


Executive Officers
Digg
Executive Officers
Chief Executive Officer
Robert M. Dutkowsky
Robert M. Dutkowsky joined Tech Data Corporation in 2006 as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. In his role as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Dutkowsky oversees all aspects of the company’s extensive worldwide IT products distribution operations. He has more than 30 years of experience in the Information Technology industry, including senior executive positions in sales, marketing and channel distribution with leading manufacturers and software publishers IBM, EMC and J.D. Edwards.
Mr. Dutkowsky began his IT career in 1977 when he joined IBM as a salesman. During his 20 years with IBM, his rise through the ranks included various sales and marketing and general management positions, and tenures as director, Software and Services; vice president, Product Marketing; executive assistant to former IBM CEO Lou Gerstner; vice president, Distribution – IBM Asia/Pacific; and vice president, Worldwide Sales and Marketing – RS/6000 product line.
In 1997, Mr. Dutkowsky joined EMC as executive vice president, Markets and Channels and was promoted to president, Data General in 1999. During his time at EMC, the company’s annual revenues grew from $2 billion to $9 billion. In 2000, Mr. Dutkowsky was named president, chairman and CEO of GenRad, a manufacturer of electronic test equipment, where he led the company to a successful merger with Teradyne. In 2002, Mr. Dutkowsky served as chairman, president and CEO of J.D. Edwards until the company’s acquisition by PeopleSoft. Immediately prior to joining Tech Data, Mr. Dutkowsky was chairman, president and CEO of Egenera, a pioneer in physical and virtual server management and automation.
Mr. Dutkowsky serves on the board of directors for The ADT Corporation, United Way Suncoast, and the Tampa Bay Rays Foundation, as well as the advisory board of the University of South Florida Business School. Mr. Dutkowsky earned a bachelor’s degree in Labor and Industrial Relations from Cornell University. He is also a recipient of the 2000 Ellis Island Medal of Honor recognizing distinguished American citizens.
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Charles V. Dannewitz
, joined the Company in February 1995 as Vice President of Taxes. He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Taxes in March 2000, and assumed responsibility for worldwide treasury operations in July 2003. In February 2014, he was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Americas, and in June 2015 he was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Dannewitz was employed by Price Waterhouse from 1981 to 1995, most recently as a tax partner. Mr. Dannewitz is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from Illinois Wesleyan University.
Charles V. Dannewitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Rich Hume
Richard T. Hume, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, joined the Company in March 2016. Prior to his appointment at the Company, Mr. Hume was employed for over thirty years at IBM. Most recently, from January 2015 to February 2016, Mr. Hume served as General Manager and Chief Operating Officer of Infrastructure and Outsourcing. Prior to that position, from January 2012 to January 2015, Mr. Hume served as General Manager, Europe where he led IBM's multi-brand European organization. From 2008 to 2011, Mr. Hume served as General Manager, Global Business Partners, directing the growth and channel development initiatives for IBM's Business Partner Channel. Mr. Hume holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Pennsylvania State University.
Executive Vice President, Cloud Computing and Chief Information Officer
John Tonnison
John Tonnison, Executive Vice President, Cloud Computing and Chief Information Officer, joined Tech Data in 2001 as vice president, Worldwide E-Business, leading the development of Tech Data's E-Business strategy and tools. He was promoted to senior vice president, IT Americas in 2006, and in 2009 was named executive vice president, CIO, taking on worldwide responsibility for all business systems technology, application software, and operations. In July 2015, Tonnison was appointed to additionally lead the strategic direction, operations, and go-to-market execution of the company's worldwide cloud business. Prior to joining Tech Data, he held executive management positions in the U.S., United Kingdom, and Germany with TSN, Ameriquest, Log 2000, Frontline Distribution, and Mancos Computers. In April 2015, Tonnison was named to Computerworld's Premier 100 IT Leaders list. A dedicated advocate for diversity and inclusion, he was honored with the Silver Medallion Award by Community Tampa Bay in May 2015. He also serves on the board of Florida Businesses for a Competitive Workforce and is on the advisory board of Equality Means Business.
President, Europe
Néstor Cano
Néstor Cano, President, Europe, joined the Company (via the Computer 2000 acquisition) in July 1989 as a Software Product Manager and served in various management positions within the Company's operations in Spain and Portugal from 1990 to 1995, after which time he was promoted to Regional Managing Director. In March 1999 he was appointed Executive Vice President of U.S. Sales and Marketing, and in January 2000 he was promoted to President of the Americas. He was promoted to President, Worldwide Operations in August 2000 and was appointed to the position of President, Europe in June 2007. Mr. Cano holds a PDG (similar to an Executive MBA) from IESE Business School in Barcelona and an Engineering Degree from Barcelona University.
President, the Americas
Joseph H. Quaglia
Joseph H. Quaglia, President, the Americas joined the Company in May 2006 as Vice President, East and Government Sales and assumed the responsibilities of Senior Vice President of U.S. Marketing in November 2007. In February 2012, Mr. Quaglia was appointed to the additional role of President, TDMobility and he was promoted to President, the Americas in November 2013. He is a 27-year IT industry veteran, including 10 years with CA Technologies. He has also held senior management positions with StorageNetworks Inc. and network software provider Atabok. Mr.Quaglia holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Indiana State University and an M.B.A. from Butler University.
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe
Alain Amsellem
, joined the Company in 1994 through Tech Data’s acquisition of French distributor, Softmart International S.A. and served as France Finance Director until 2004. In August 2004, Mr. Amsellem was promoted to Senior Vice President of Southern Europe, and was appointed Senior Vice President - Europe Finance & Operations in 2007. In February 2014, he was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe. Mr. Amsellem is a Chartered Accountant and holds a degree in management and chartered accountancy from Paris Dauphine University.
Alain Amsellem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Europe
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Beth E. Simonetti
Beth Simonetti, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, joined the company in September 2015. Prior to joining Tech Data, Simonetti served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Baker & Taylor, Inc. since 2010. Previously, she was an executive search consultant and was with Cardinal Health for 12 years in various HR leadership positions. Simonetti holds a B.S. from Miami University in Ohio and a Masters of Hospital and Health Services Administration from The Ohio State University.
Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller
Jeffrey L. Taylor
served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller at Tech Data since June 2015. In this role, Taylor serves as the company's chief accounting officer, responsible for all global accounting policy, controls and financial reporting. Previously, he served as the company's Vice President and Assistant Corporate Controller, focusing on the optimization of processes, controls, and financial reporting of the company's worldwide finance teams. Prior to rejoining the company in October 2012, Mr. Taylor served in executive financial management with a value-added reseller and previously was employed by Deloitte & Touche ("Deloitte") from 1992 to 2003, most recently as Audit Partner in Russia and including three years in Deloitte's U.S. national office in the Quality Assurance and SEC Services groups. He was previously with Tech Data for four years serving as Vice President of Corporate Accounting. He holds a B.S. in Accounting from San Diego State University.
Jeffrey L. (“Jeff”) Taylor
Joseph B. Trepani, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Americas
Joseph B. Trepani
was appointed Senior Vice President and CFO, the Americas at Tech Data in June 2015. In this role, he is responsible for the company’s finance, accounting and credit functions in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Trepani joined Tech Data in March 1990 as Controller and held the position of Director of Operations from October 1991 through January 1995. In February 1995, he was promoted to Vice President and Worldwide Controller and to Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller in March 1998. Trepani has more than 25 years of financial leadership experience, including prior positions as Audit Manager for Price Waterhouse and Vice President of Finance at Action Staffing. He holds a B.S. in Accounting from Florida State University and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Joseph B. (“Joe”) Trepani
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
David R. Vetter
David R. Vetter, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, joined the Company in June 1993 as Vice President and General Counsel and was promoted to Corporate Vice President and General Counsel in April 2000. In March 2003, he was promoted to his current position of Senior Vice President, and effective July 2003, was appointed Corporate Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he was employed by the law firm of Robbins, Gaynor & Bronstein, P.A. from 1984 to 1993, most recently as a partner. Mr. Vetter is a member of the Florida Bar Association and holds Bachelor of Arts Degrees in English and Economics from Bucknell University and a Juris Doctorate Degree from the University of Florida.