H.J. Heinz Company Announces New Senior Leadership Team | The Kraft Heinz Company Press Room


PITTSBURGH--()--Following the successful completion of the acquisition of Heinz by Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital on June 7, Heinz today announced the Company’s new senior leadership team.
“Today’s leadership announcement further builds on Heinz’s strong foundation for future growth,” said Bernardo Hees, Heinz CEO. “Notably, this announcement demonstrates the power and potential of meritocracy at work here at Heinz. As shown through today’s various internal promotions and appointments, the Company is focused on rewarding and promoting the best and brightest talent in the organization to lead Heinz moving forward. I am thrilled that this world-class group of executives will join me in taking Heinz to new heights while elevating our iconic global brands, offering superior customer service and ensuring that we continue to work collaboratively and efficiently across our global businesses.”
Effective immediately, the Heinz senior leadership team is:
, (as announced on June 7), is appointed Chief Financial Officer. Paulo is a partner at 3G Capital and previously served as CEO of America Latina Logistica (ALL) from 2010 to September 2012, after having served as ALL’s COO, CFO, Commercial Officer and Analyst.
Paulo Basilio
is appointed SVP and Chief People Officer. In this role, Kristen will direct the worldwide Human Resources function. Most recently, Kristen served as President of Heinz Canada. Previously Kristen was Chief Strategy Officer at World Headquarters. Formerly, Kristen served as the Group Vice President of Meals and Snacks for Heinz North America. Prior to joining Heinz, Kristen worked at Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson in marketing and sales. Kristen joined Heinz in 2000. Kristen will report temporarily to Bernardo Hees until the open position of EVP of HR, IT and Performance is named.
Kristen Clark
is appointed Zone President of Heinz North America. Brendan was most recently President of U.S. Consumer Products. While at Heinz, Brendan has held various positions including Marketing Director of Global Ketchup & Sauces, President of U.S. Foodservice and Group Vice President of Marketing for Frozen Meals and Snacks for U.S. Consumer Products. Prior to joining Heinz, Brendan worked at General Mills in marketing for four years, and before that, he spent eight years in advertising. Brendan joined Heinz in 1998.
Brendan Foley
is appointed Zone President of Heinz Europe. For the past year, Matt was President of Heinz UK & Ireland. Matt joined Heinz as Chief Marketing Officer for the UK & Ireland business after spending 17 years at Unilever in a variety of UK, European and Global marketing roles. In 2011, Matt was promoted to Chief Commercial Officer of the UK & Ireland with responsibility for day-to-day business operations. Matt joined Heinz in 2010.
Matt Hill
, Chief Quality Officer, joins the senior leadership team. As the Chief Quality Officer, Andy is responsible for maintaining the highest standards of food safety and quality in all of Heinz’s products globally. He is also responsible for global risk assessment and management, ensuring consistent product performance globally and driving continuous improvement. Andy joined Heinz in 1994. Andy will have a dotted-line reporting relationship to the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Andy Keatings
is appointed Zone President of Heinz Russia, Turkey, and Middle East & Africa. Emin most recently served as President, Heinz Africa & Middle East, where he focused on accelerating Heinz’s growth in the Emerging Markets. Emin joined Heinz as Marketing Director for Heinz Russia and has since held the roles of Commercial Director, Heinz Russia, followed by an assignment in China as Managing Director, Heinz Foodstar & Heinz Sauces. Prior to joining Heinz, Emin spent more than eight years at Procter & Gamble mostly in Turkey and other emerging markets. Emin joined Heinz in 2006.
Emin Mammadov
will continue as SVP of Corporate & Government Affairs. Michael is responsible for all global internal and external communications, government affairs and corporate reputation management. Michael will continue to serve as the Company’s chief media spokesperson and will have responsibility for the H.J. Heinz Company Foundation. Michael joined Heinz in 1998.
Michael Mullen
joins Heinz as EVP of Operations following 14 years with America Latina Logistica (ALL), where he most recently served as Chief Executive Officer. Previously he held the roles of COO, Managing Director and General Manager of Agricultural Products. Before joining ALL, Mr. Pelleissone held several positions at Glencore Importadora e Exportadora SA. Eduardo will have responsibility for supply chain, procurement and operations.
Eduardo Pelleissone
is appointed Zone President of Heinz Latin America. Since 2005, Fernando has been Area Director of Heinz Latin America. Previously, Fernando was President of Heinz Venezuela and Chief Operating Officer of Heinz Italy. Prior to joining Heinz, Fernando worked for four years in the Marketing Department at Procter & Gamble in Venezuela. Fernando is a 32-year Heinz veteran.
Fernando Pocaterra
is appointed Zone President of Heinz Asia Pacific. Hein has been President of Heinz China since 2011. Previously, he held positions including VP of Finance for Heinz Europe, Chief Strategy Officer for Heinz WHQ, VP of Business Process Improvement for Keystone and CFO of Heinz Continental Europe. Before Heinz, Hein worked across various countries for both Royal Ahold and Unilever. Hein joined Heinz in 2003.
Hein Schumacher
is appointed General Counsel. Dan has been Deputy General Counsel since 2009. Dan will be responsible for all legal affairs globally including but not limited to mergers and acquisitions, securities law, finance transactions, litigation, and general commercial and regulatory matters. Dan is a 32-year Heinz veteran.
Dan Shaw
Successors for vacant Business Unit president roles will be named shortly.
The Company also announced the departures of: Ted Bobby, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; Dave Ciesinski, VP of Transition; Steve Clark, Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer; Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance; David Moran, Executive Vice President, President & CEO of Heinz North America & Global Infant Nutrition; Meg Nollen, SVP of Strategy & Investor Relations; Bob Ostryniec, Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer & Global ERM; Chris Warmoth, Executive Vice President, Heinz Asia Pacific; Dave Woodward, Executive Vice President, President & CEO of Heinz Europe; Roel van Neerbos, President, Heinz Continental Europe; and Diane Owen, SVP, Corporate Audit.
“I sincerely thank these superb executives for their leadership and numerous contributions to Heinz’s growth and success, and I wish them well in the future,” said Bernardo Hees.
About Heinz
H.J. Heinz Company, offering “Good Food Every Day”™ is one of the world’s leading marketers and producers of healthy, convenient and affordable foods specializing in ketchup, sauces, meals, soups, snacks and infant nutrition. Heinz provides superior quality, taste and nutrition for all eating occasions whether in the home, restaurants, the office or “on-the-go.” Heinz is a global family of leading branded products, including Heinz Ketchup, sauces, soups, beans, pasta and infant foods (representing over one third of Heinz’s total sales), Ore-Ida potato products, Weight Watchers Smart Ones entrées, T.G.I. Friday’s snacks, and Plasmon infant nutrition. Heinz is famous for its iconic brands on six continents, showcased by Heinz Ketchup, The World’s Favorite Ketchup.
This document and Heinz’s other public pronouncements contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates” or similar expressions and include Heinz’s expectations as to future revenue growth, earnings, capital expenditures and other spending, dividend policy, and planned credit rating, as well as anticipated reductions in spending. These forward-looking statements reflect management’s view of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which may be beyond Heinz’s control, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from such statements include factors described in “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Relevant to Forward-Looking Information” in Heinz’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 29, 2012 and reports on Forms 10-Q thereafter. The forward-looking statements are and will be based on management’s then current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. Heinz undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the securities laws.
H.J. Heinz Company Michael Mullen, 412-456-5751