Aetna Leadership – About Us | Aetna


Aetna.com works best with Internet Explorer 11 and above.  >
Student Insurance
Benefits of Joining Aetna
Find a Doctor
Find a Doctor
Find a Doctor
Find a Doctor or Hospital
Producer World Tools & Resources
Producer News
Find a Doctor
Physician Advisory Board
Student Programs
Executive Briefing Center
Aetna Leadership
Aetna
Aetna Leadership
Executive biographies
Mark T. Bertolini
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aetna
Mark T. Bertolini is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aetna, a Fortune 50 diversified health care benefits company with over $60 billion in 2015 revenue.  Aetna serves an estimated 46.5 million people with information and resources to help them make better informed decisions about their health care and has operations in North America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.  Mr. Bertolini assumed the role of CEO on November 29, 2010 and of Chairman on April 8, 2011.
Mr. Bertolini joined Aetna in 2003 as head of Aetna’s Specialty Products.  From July 2007 to December 2014, he served as president, responsible for all of Aetna’s businesses and operations across the company’s broad range of health care products and related services – including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, as well as medical management capabilities and health care management services for Medicaid plans.  Prior to serving as Aetna’s president, Mr. Bertolini was executive vice president and head of Aetna’s regional businesses, which included the company’s individual, retiree, small group and middle market segments, as well as numerous product, network and service areas.
In 2015, Mr. Bertolini was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare for his efforts to promote measures that increase access, lower costs and improve quality of health care.  He meets regularly with state and federal policymakers to further these efforts and share Aetna’s vision for a consumer-centric health care system. Mr. Bertolini has also been recognized as a leader in corporate social responsibility for his historic decision to raise Aetna’s base wage to $16 per hour and reduce out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income households. In recognition of this decision, he was named to Fortune’s 2015 list of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders and also to the 2015 Politico 50. Mr. Bertolini continues to encourage other employers to follow Aetna’s example by promoting his philosophy that corporations should “do well by doing good.”
Mr. Bertolini serves as a director of Verizon Communications Inc. (communications and technology solutions), Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (insurance and investment products), The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, a non-profit organization founded by Paul Newman that serves children with cancer and other serious illnesses, and the FIDELCO Guide Dog Foundation, a non-profit organization that breeds, trains and places German Shepherd guide dogs with people who have visual disabilities.
In 2009, he was elected the first straight ally board member of the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce.  Mr. Bertolini has been honored for his leadership by numerous universities and organizations, including the National Italian American Foundation, Outward Bound, the National Kidney Registry, Out & Equal Workplace Advocates, the Quinnipiac University Business School, and Wayne State University School of Business.
Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Bertolini held executive positions at Cigna, NYLCare Health Plans, and SelectCare, Inc., where he served as president and chief executive officer.
Born and raised in Detroit, Mr. Bertolini held various jobs throughout high school and college, including assembly work at a Ford Motor Company plant and various caregiver roles in health care delivery.  Mr. Bertolini is a spinal cord injury survivor and is partially disabled as the result of a severe skiing accident in 2004.  In 2007, Mr. Bertolini donated a kidney to his son.  His previous work and personal experiences with the health care system are foundational to his dedication to improving the patient experience and addressing the longstanding challenges facing the U.S. health care system.
Mr. Bertolini holds an undergraduate degree in business administration/finance from Wayne State University and a MBA in finance from Cornell University.
Karen S. Lynch
President
Karen S. Lynch (formerly Rohan) is President of Aetna, a Fortune 50 diversified health care benefits company. She is responsible for driving the strategic execution of Aetna’s vision through her leadership of the company’s commercial, government and specialty businesses, representing 95 percent of Aetna’s revenues. Ms. Lynch assumed the role of President in January 2015. She is the first woman to serve in the role in the company’s 160-year history.
Ms. Lynch joined Aetna in 2012 as executive vice president and head of Specialty Products. In 2013, she assumed management of Local and Regional Businesses, a combined business unit dedicated to serving the varied health care needs of individuals and employers. Ms. Lynch successfully led Aetna’s integration efforts for its 2013 acquisition of Coventry Health Care.
Ms. Lynch has nearly three decades of experience in the health care industry. Prior to joining Aetna, she held executive positions at Cigna and Magellan Health Services, where she served as president. Ms. Lynch began her career with Ernst & Young as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).
Ms. Lynch serves as a director of U.S. Bancorp; a trustee of The Bushnell Performing Arts Center; and an advisory board member of NEADS/Dogs for Deaf and Disabled Americans, a nonprofit organization that provides independence to people through canine assistance. She is a member of the Global 50 and the Boston College Women’s Council. Ms. Lynch served for three consecutive years as Honorary Chair of the Komen Connecticut Race for the Cure, and she is a past advisory board member for the Boston office of Ernst & Young.
Ms. Lynch has been recognized for her leadership by numerous organizations and publications, including the National Association for Specialty Health Organizations, Business Insurance, the Stevie® Awards for Women in Business, and Insurance Networking News. In 2011, Ms. Lynch co-chaired the Health Care and Pharmaceutical Task Force for the Wall Street Journal Women in the Economy Conference. 
Ms. Lynch earned her bachelor's degree in accounting from Boston College and an MBA from Boston University. In 2015, she was presented with an honorary doctorate degree of humane letters from Becker College in Worcester, Mass.
Richard di Benedetto
Executive Vice President Aetna International
Richard di Benedetto is Executive Vice President, Aetna International. In this role, Mr. di Benedetto has responsibility for one of the largest global health benefits businesses, serving more than 500,000 members living and working in nearly every country in the world. Aetna International provides expatriate health benefits and collaborates with health care systems, government entities and plan sponsors to design locally appropriate solutions to measure and manage wellness, and improve health, quality and cost outcomes worldwide.
Mr. di Benedetto came to Aetna in June 2013 from Euromedic International, where he served as chief executive officer for one of the largest European private medical services providers in the field of diagnostic services, laboratories and cancer treatment. Euromedic operates 130 centers in 15 countries and employs more than 3,000 people. Joining Euromedic in 2010, he successfully oversaw a transformation of the company internally and externally in just three short years with a focus on organic growth in priority countries.
Prior to Euromedic, Mr. di Benedetto spent 15 years with GE Healthcare. During his time with GE, he held a variety of leadership roles with increasing responsibility, including general manager, Medical Systems, for Eastern European Operations, and vice president Sales Europe, Middle East, and Africa for the Medical Equipment division. Most recently he served as the president and chief executive officer of their Eastern and Africa Growth Markets. Based in Istanbul, he grew the business 27 percent in the first year and expanded the company’s global footprint (80+ countries) in emerging markets through a combination of organic and inorganic growth.
Mr. di Benedetto also worked for the Econocom Group SA based in France and Germany from 1987 to 1994.
Mr. di Benedetto studied economics at ‘Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris’ and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics in 1986. He and his wife, Brigitte, have two children.
Shawn M. Guertin
Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Chief Enterprise Risk Officer
Shawn M. Guertin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Enterprise Risk Officer of Aetna, a Fortune 50 diversified health care benefits company.  Mr. Guertin joined Aetna in April, 2011. In his current position, Mr. Guertin is responsible for leading all of the corporation’s financial activities, including planning and performance management, risk management, financial reporting, investment management, treasury and capital planning, tax, investor relations, mergers & acquisitions, corporate actuarial and underwriting and the Business Segment Finance organization. He is a member of Aetna’s Executive Committee, the senior governing body of the company and is a key strategic contributor.  In 2015, Mr. Guertin was ranked as the number one Chief Financial Officer in the Facilities and Managed Care sector by Institutional Investor magazine.
Prior to his current role, Mr. Guertin served as head of Business Segment Finance where he was responsible for providing leadership to the finance teams supporting each of Aetna’s primary businesses.
Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Guertin served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Coventry Health Care Inc. (NYSE: CVH). He was responsible for financial reporting, investor relations, mergers & acquisitions, treasury and capital planning, actuarial and underwriting, risk management, tax, budgeting and planning, and real estate and procurement. During his career with Coventry, he was also the Chief Actuary. Mr. Guertin’s previous experience includes leadership roles at United HealthCare and Travelers.
Mr. Guertin graduated summa cum laude with distinction from Boston University where he received his Bachelors of Arts degree in mathematics. He is a Fellow, Society of Actuaries and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries.
Rick M. Jelinek
Executive Vice President Humana Integration
Rick Jelinek leads Enterprise Strategy for Aetna, which includes accelerating the business toward its mission to build a healthier world through a more consumer-centric health care system. His responsibilities also include planning the integration of the Aetna and Humana businesses after the close of this proposed transaction. The primary goal of this combination is to offer consumers greater choice, better experiences, and access to higher-quality care at a lower cost. Mr. Jelinek reports to Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini and is a member of the Executive Committee, the senior governing body of the company. 
Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Jelinek was an operating partner at Advent International, one of the world’s leading private equity firms with investments totaling $28 billion across 40 countries. Previously, he served as CEO of OptumHealth, a division of UnitedHealth Group, where he oversaw the company’s care delivery, population health management, and consumer programs businesses. His tenure at UnitedHealth spanned 19 years, during which he also oversaw several divisions as CEO and served as an executive vice president of the corporation. His divisional CEO responsibilities included the company’s Medicare Advantage business, its Medicaid and children’s health insurance businesses, and the company’s emerging businesses. He previously spent seven years at Lifemark Corporation, until it was acquired by UnitedHealth in 2001.
Mr. Jelinek earned an MBA and master’s degree in health services administration from the University of Michigan, as well as a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Southern California.  He serves on the Advisory Board of the Griffith Leadership Center at the University of Michigan, and he previously served on the boards of Sutter Health and Cotiviti.
Steven B. Kelmar
Executive Vice President Corporate Affairs Chief of Staff to Aetna's Chairman
Steven Kelmar is Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, and he serves as Chief of Staff to Aetna’s Chairman. Mr. Kelmar is head of Aetna’s government, regulatory and policy teams; and head of Communications and the Aetna Foundation. He is responsible for managing the Chairman’s Office, as well as leading critical external initiatives related to health care reform and legislative affairs, communications and philanthropy. He reports directly to Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark T. Bertolini and serves on the company’s executive committee.
Prior to Aetna, Mr. Kelmar was head of Global Public Affairs and Policy for Merck and Co., and also served in that capacity for Novartis AG, in Basel, Switzerland. In these roles, he was responsible for setting and driving the public affairs and policy strategies globally for these companies.
Before joining Novartis he served as Senior Vice President, External Relations for Medtronic Inc., for nine years. In this role he led efforts to establish the company as a leading health care technology company. He also had responsibility for corporate planning and established business initiatives that lead to strengthening the company's therapeutic franchises. Mr. Kelmar also served on the Executive Committee at Novartis and Medtronic.
Mr. Kelmar spent 14 years in public service in several executive positions. In 1990, he was appointed by President Bush and confirmed by the U.S. Senate to be an Assistant Secretary at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. In this position, he served as one of the federal government's chief policymakers during a time of major national reexamination of health care delivery systems.
During his public service career, Mr. Kelmar was Chief of Staff to two Members of the U.S. Congress and also worked in several legislative capacities for Members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives. He has served on the board of several health care companies.
Mr. Kelmar received his Bachelor of Arts in public administration and economics from Pennsylvania State University. He and his wife Patricia have three children.
Gary Loveman
Executive Vice President Consumer Health and Services
Gary Loveman, Ph.D., is an executive vice president of Aetna and is president of Consumer Health and Services, Aetna’s health services business. The Consumer Health and Services organization is responsible for helping Aetna members achieve their best health and for fostering innovative collaborations with health care providers to improve the overall quality, cost and experience for Aetna members. Dr. Loveman leads the company’s population health management and consumer engagement strategies, including network and clinical services, care management, digital consumer health products, analytics and data science, consumer insurance products, and marketing and branding.
Prior to joining Aetna in October 2015, Dr. Loveman served as chairman, CEO and president of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, and he currently serves as its chairman. He joined Caesars as chief operating officer in 1998. During his tenure, Dr. Loveman oversaw a period of growth that included several major acquisitions, making Caesars the largest and most diversified company in the gaming industry.  He pioneered the use of cutting-edge technology and data analytics to deliver unsurpassed customer service and consumer experiences. Dr. Loveman also led the development of Wellness Rewards, Caesars’ widely recognized, incentive-based health and wellness program for the company’s 70,000 employees and their families.
From 2012-2015, Dr. Loveman chaired the Business Roundtable’s Health & Retirement Committee, which focuses on improving the quality and affordability of the nation’s health and retirement systems. He serves on the Board of Trustees at Boston Children’s Hospital and on the Visiting Committee of the M.I.T. Department of Economics, and is also a member of the Board of Directors of FedEx Corporation.
Earlier in his career, Dr. Loveman was an associate professor at the Harvard University Graduate School of Business Administration, where he taught service management. He holds a Ph.D. in economics from M.I.T., where he was an Alfred Sloan Doctoral Dissertation Fellow, and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Wesleyan University.
Meg McCarthy
Executive Vice President, Operations and Technology
Meg McCarthy is Executive Vice President, Operations and Technology.  She is responsible for information technology, service operations, global security, data analytics, procurement, and real estate services for Aetna.  She is a member of Aetna’s Executive Committee, the senior governing body of the company, reporting directly to Aetna's Chairman and CEO Mark T. Bertolini. 
Ms. McCarthy has served as Chief Information Officer and Vice President and Head of Business Solutions Delivery at Aetna, where she was responsible for the delivery and production support of information technology and business process improvement initiatives.  
Prior to joining Aetna in 2003, Ms. McCarthy was Senior Vice President of Information Technology at CIGNA Healthcare and served as Chief Information Officer at Catholic Health Initiatives and Franciscan Health System. Ms. McCarthy also worked in technology consulting at Andersen Consulting (Accenture) and was a consulting partner at Ernst & Young.
Ms. McCarthy has been recognized as one of  Magazine's “Elite 8” and ’s Top 100 leaders. She serves on the board of directors of First American Financial Corporation and vArmour.  Ms. McCarthy represents Aetna on the Council on Affordable Quality Healthcare (CAQH) where she serves on the executive, finance and nominating committees and she also sits on the World Economic Forum Gender Parity Council.
Ms. McCarthy holds a bachelor's degree from Providence College and a master’s degree in public health, hospital administration, from Yale University. Her military experience includes U.S. Navy Medical Services Corps, Lieutenant at Bethesda Naval Hospital, and U.S. Navy Reserves, Lieutenant Commander.
Harold L. Paz, M.D., M.S.
Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
Harold L. Paz, M.D., M.S., is executive vice president and chief medical officer for Aetna. He leads clinical strategy and policy at the intersection of all of Aetna’s domestic and global businesses. He is responsible for driving clinical innovation to improve member experience, quality and cost in all areas of the health care delivery system.  Reporting to Aetna’s Chairman and CEO, he is a member of the company’s executive committee.
Before joining Aetna in 2014, Dr. Paz served as chief executive officer of Penn State Hershey Medical Center and Health System, senior vice president for Health Affairs for Penn State University, dean of its College of Medicine and professor of medicine and public health sciences for eight years. His vision for health care transformation at Penn State led to the formation of an integrated healthcare system of four hospitals, 64 ambulatory care practices and 18 affiliated hospitals focused on population health across central Pennsylvania. Prior to his appointment to Penn State, he spent 11 years as dean of the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School and chief executive officer of Robert Wood Johnson University Medical Group, the largest multispecialty group practice in New Jersey where he was professor of medicine.
Dr. Paz has focused his research and teaching on clinical outcomes, health care effectiveness and employee health benefit design.  A pioneer in the field of quality management, Dr. Paz was among the first to study clinical outcomes in the intensive care unit. From this early work, he recognized the need to formally train physicians in quality, and in 1993 he started the first fellowship of its kind in quality management.  Currently, he is professor adjunct of internal medicine at Yale University School of Medicine and remains clinically active in pulmonary medicine at the West Haven Veteran’s Administration Hospital. He serves on the National Academy of Medicine (NAM) Leadership Consortium and the NAM Roundtable on Quality Care for People with Advanced Illness.
A fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Chest Physicians, Dr. Paz is currently on the boards of United Surgical Partners International, Research!America and the National Health Council. Dr. Paz is past chair of the Board of Directors of the Association of Academic Health Centers and a former member of the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) and the University Health System Consortium boards of directors. He previously was chair of the AAMC Council of Deans administrative board and has served on the AAMC executive council, in addition to corporate and scientific advisory boards in the biotechnology field. He has authored more than 85 publications, including peer-reviewed research and quality articles, chapters, commentaries and abstracts. He is the recipient of numerous awards and an honorary degree. 
Dr. Paz received his bachelor's degree from the University of Rochester, a master of science in life science engineering from Tufts University, and his medical degree from the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry. He completed his residency at Northwestern University, where he served as chief medical resident and instructor in clinical medicine. He was a Eudowood Fellow in pulmonary and critical care medicine at Johns Hopkins Medical School. In addition, he was a post-doctoral fellow in environmental health science at Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health.
Thomas J. Sabatino, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel Law & Regulatory Affairs
 Thomas J. Sabatino, Jr., is Executive Vice President and General Counsel, reporting to the company’s Chairman and CEO Mark T. Bertolini.  He is the Chief Legal Officer of the company with worldwide responsibility for leading its legal operations, including formulating corporate legal policy.  In addition, he oversees the Corporate Secretary and Compliance functions.  He is a member of the Executive Committee, the senior governing body of the Company.
Mr. Sabatino joined Aetna from Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., where he served as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel.  He joined Hertz in 2015 after serving as Executive Vice President, Global Legal and Chief Administrative Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Previously, in 2010, Mr. Sabatino was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of UAL Corporation and United Airlines, Inc., and was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Schering-Plough Corporation from 2004 through 2009.  He also has held General Counsel positions at Baxter International and American Medical International.
Mr. Sabatino  has received numerous awards from his peers, including Inside Counsel’s Transformative Leader Award (2012), the National Bar Association Gertrude E. Rush Award (2013) and the Equal Justice Works Scales of Justice Award (2014).
Mr. Sabatino earned his law degree from the University of Pennsylvania and his undergraduate degree from Wesleyan University in Connecticut.
Fran S. Soistman
Executive Vice President Government Services
Fran S. Soistman is Executive Vice President of Aetna and head of the Government Services segment. He is responsible for driving growth in the company’s Medicare Businesses, consisting of Individual Medicare Advantage, Group Medicare Advantage, Part D and Medicare Supplement as well as Aetna’ s Medicaid, Individual and Public Exchange and Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.
Mr. Soistman has nearly 30 years of experience in health insurance and managed care. Prior to joining Aetna, he was Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and co-founder of Jessamine Healthcare, a firm focused on strategic investment opportunities in the health care industry. Before his tenure at Jessamine, Mr. Soistman held several senior leadership positions at Coventry Health Care, including Executive Vice President for the Individual Consumer and Government Business Division. In this role, he was responsible for the company’s individual Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part D, Medicaid and commercial individual products, which served more than 2.5 million members across the United States.
In June 2004, Mr. Soistman was a recipient of the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award in the Healthcare Technology/Services category. From 2004 to 2008, he served on the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council, providing direction for the state agency charged with addressing growing health care costs.
Mr. Soistman serves on several boards, including the Towson University Board of Visitors where he serves as Chairman, University System of Maryland Foundation Board of Directors, Penn State University Presidential Leadership Academy Board of Directors, and the Shady Grove Adventist Hospital Foundation Board of Directors.
Mr. Soistman holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and finance from Towson University and also received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters.  He is also a graduate of The Stanford University Executive Program.
Thomas W. Weidenkopf
Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer
Tom Weidenkopf leads Aetna’s global human resources function reporting to Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini and is a member of the Executive Committee, the senior governing body of the company.
Mr. Weidenkopf joined Aetna in September 2015 from Aleris, a global manufacturing company in the downstream aluminum products industry where, since 2008, he served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Communications.  Prior to Aleris, Mr. Weidenkopf spent twelve years at Honeywell in a number of human resource executive roles including six years as Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Communications.  In this capacity, he was responsible for leading global human resources strategy, policy and programs for the company’s 120,000 employees in more than 100 countries.  His early career includes human resource leadership roles at Pepsico and General Electric.
Mr. Weidenkopf holds a Bachelor’s Degree from Cornell University’s School of Industrial and Labor Relations. 
He resides in New York City with his wife Becky, a professional photographer and their two German Shepherds.  He has two adult children, Jack and Sam.  