Officers & Directors - American Express Investor Relations


Merchant Home
Benefits of a Travel Specialist
Merchant Home
Get a Merchant Account
Analyst Coverage
Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 2001 to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter & Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company,
Douglas E. Buckminster
President, Global Consumer Services Group
Mr. Buckminster has been President, Global Consumer Services Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been President, Global Network and International Card Services since February 2012 and was President, International Consumer and Small Business from November 2009 to February 2012. Prior thereto he had been Executive Vice President, International Consumer Products and Marketing since July 2002.
James P. Bush
President, International Consumer Services Group
Mr. Bush has been Executive Vice President, World Service since October 2009. Prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Service Delivery Network since June 2005.
Jeffrey C. Campbell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Campbell has been Executive Vice President, Finance, of the Company since July 2013 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since August 2013. Mr. Campbell joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2004.
L. Kevin Cox
Mr. Cox has been Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company since April 2005.
Paul D. Fabara
PRESIDENT GLOBAL RISK & COMPLIANCE, CHIEF RISK OFFICER AMERICAN EXPRESS
Mr. Fabara has been President, Global Risk & Compliance and Chief Risk Officer since February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Banking Group since February 2013 and President, Global Network Business since September 2014. Mr. Fabara joined American Express in January 2011 as Executive Vice President of Global Credit Administration. Previously, Mr. Fabara was Managing Director and Global Head, Operations, Regulatory, Implementation and Planning at Barclays from February 2009 to January 2011 and Global Chief Operating Officer for Barclays Credit Card Business from August 2006 to February 2009. Prior thereto, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of Alliance Data Systems Retail.
Marc D. Gordon
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Mr. Gordon has been Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since September 2012. Mr. Gordon joined American Express from Bank of America, where he served as Enterprise Chief Information Officer from December 2011 until April 2012. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Technology Officer, Global Delivery Operation at Bank of America from May 2008 until November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Information Officer, Global Consumer Bank at Bank of America from September 2004 until April 2008.
Ashwini Gupta
PRESIDENT CREDIT RISK & INFORMATION MANAGEMENT
Mr. Gupta has been President of Credit Risk & Information Management since February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President of Risk and Information Management and Chief Risk Officer since July 2007.
John D. Hayes
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Mr. Hayes has been Executive Vice President since May 1995 and Chief Marketing Officer of the Company since August 2003.
Michael J. O’Neill
Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications
Mr. O’Neill has been Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since September 2014. Prior thereto, he had been Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since 1991.
Laureen E. Seeger
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Ms. Seeger has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since July 2014. Ms. Seeger joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since 2006.
Susan Sobbott
President, Global Corporate Payments
Ms. Sobbott has been President, Global Corporate Payments since January 2014. Prior thereto, she had been President, American Express OPEN since 2004.
Stephen J. Squeri
Vice Chairman
Mr. Squeri has been Vice Chairman of American Express Company since July 2015 and has lead the Business-to-Business Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been Group President, Global Corporate Services since November 2011. From October 2009 to November 2011, he was Group President of Global Services. In addition, from May 2005 to October 2009, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for the Company. Mr. Squeri is a thirty year veteran of American Express having joined the company in 1985. He also serves as a director of American Express Global Business Travel, J.Crew Group and Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.
Anré Williams
President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty
Mr. Williams has been President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty since October 2015. Previously, he was President of Global Merchant Services since November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been President of Global Corporate Payments since June 2007. Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President of U.S. Commercial Card from January 2004 through May 2007.
Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company
April 2001 to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter & Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company,
Charlene Barshefsky
multinational law firm, Washington, D.C., since 2001, practicing in areas including international business transactions, government relations, market access, and regulation of business and investment. Prior to joining WilmerHale, Ambassador Barshefsky was the United States Trade Representative (USTR) and a member of the President’s Cabinet from 1997 to 2001, and Acting and Deputy USTR from 1993 to 1996. As the USTR, she served as chief trade negotiator and principal trade policymaker for the United States and, in both roles, negotiated complex market access, regulatory, and investment agreements with virtually every major country in the world. Ambassador Barshefsky is a director of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., and Intel Corporation. She is a trustee of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Ursula M. Burns
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation
Xerox Corporation, a global company engaged in business processes and document management, since May 2010; Chief Executive Officer and director since July 2009; President and director, April 2007-July 2009; and Senior Vice President and President, Business Group Operations, January 2003-April 2007. Ms. Burns is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation. She is a trustee of the Ford Foundation and of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and serves as director of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), National Academy Foundation, and the U.S. Olympic Committee. In March 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Ms. Burns Vice Chair of the President’s Export Council.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Peter Chernin
Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc.
a film and television production company, and The Chernin Group, which is involved in strategic opportunities in media, technology, and entertainment, June 2009 to present. Mr. Chernin was President, Chief Operating Officer, and a director of News Corporation from October 1996 to June 2009, and was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Fox Group, where he oversaw the global operations of the company’s film, television, satellite cable, and digital media businesses. At News Corporation, Mr. Chernin led the company’s expansion into the broadband and mobile markets, through the creation of Fox Interactive Media, Hulu, Jamba, and other digital properties. He is a director of Pandora Media, Inc. and Twitter, Inc. Mr. Chernin is Chairman and co-founder of Malaria No More and a director of the Harvard AIDS Initiative. Mr. Chernin is a former director of News Corporation, DirecTV, Inc., and Gemstar/T.V. Guide International.
Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc.,
Rafael de la Vega
VICE CHAIRMAN, AT&T INC. AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BUSINESS SOLUTIONS AND INTERNATIONAL, AT&T
a multinational telecommunications corporation, since February 2016. Mr. de la Vega leads AT&T’s integrated Business Solutions group (both mobile and IP services), which serves more than 3.5 million business customers in 200 countries and territories, and nearly all the Fortune 1000 firms globally, and AT&T’s Mexican wireless business and DIRECTV Latin America, which was part of AT&T’s 2015 acquisition of DIRECTV. Mr. de la Vega was President Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Mobile and Business Solutions, August 2014 to February 2016; President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Mobility, 2007 to 2014, and prior thereto, the Chief Operating Officer of Cingular Wireless and President of BellSouth Latin America. Mr. de la Vega is a director of New York Life Insurance Company, where he is chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance and Insurance & Operations Committees. He also serves on the boards of the Georgia Aquarium, Morehouse College and Junior Achievement Worldwide. He is Chairman of the All-Markets Initiatives for the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. de la Vega has received numerous awards recognizing his leadership, including the Global Innovation Award from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University. He is the author of the book “Obstacles Welcome Turn Adversity to Advantage in Business and Life.”
Vice Chairman, AT&T Inc. and CEO of Business Solutions and International, AT&T,
Anne Lauvergeon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A.L.P. SAS
A.L.P. SAS, a French advisory company. Chairman of Sigfox, a French start-up that operates a cellular network dedicated exclusively to small messages, since April 2014. Former Partner and Managing Director, Efficiency Capital, an advisory firm dedicated to funding technology and natural resources, from 2012 to April 2014; former Chief Executive Officer of AREVA Group, the leading French energy company, from July 2001 to June 2011; former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AREVA NC (formerly Cogema) from June 1999 to June 2011. Ms. Lauvergeon started her professional career in 1983 in the steel industry and in 1990 she was named Advisor for Economic International Affairs at the French Presidency and Deputy Chief of Staff in 1991. In 1995 she became a Partner of Lazard Frères & Cie, subsequently joining Alcatel Telecom as Senior Executive Vice President in March 1997. Ms. Lauvergeon is a director of Rio Tinto Plc, Total S.A. and Airbus Group. She is a former director of Vodafone Group Plc, GDF Suez S.A., Suez S.A., and Safran S.A. Ms. Lauvergeon has been a member of the United Nations Global Compact Board, has been an Executive Committee member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and serves in various not for profit organizations in France.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Michael O. Leavitt
Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC
a health care consulting firm, since 2009. Chairman of Leavitt Equity Partners, a private equity fund, formed in 2014. Prior to that Governor Leavitt was the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2005 to 2009; Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2005; and Governor of Utah from 1993 to 2003. Governor Leavitt is a director of HealthEquity, Inc. and Medtronic, Inc.
Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC,
Theodore J. Leonsis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC
a sports and entertainment company that owns the NBA’s Washington Wizards, NHL’s Washington Capitals, WNBA’s Washington Mystics, and the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C., since 1999. Mr. Leonsis is also a Vice Chairman Emeritus of AOL LLC, a leading global ad-supported Web company, since December 2006. Mr. Leonsis held a number of executive positions with AOL from September 1994 to December 2006, most recently as Vice Chairman and President, AOL Audience Business. Mr. Leonsis is Chairman of the Board of Groupon, Inc. He is also a filmmaker, an author, and a director of several private Internet and technologies companies and educational institutions. Mr. Leonsis was Chairman of Revolution Money, Inc., which American Express acquired in January 2010. In November 2011, Mr. Leonsis co-founded Revolution Growth II, LP, a “speed-up capital” fund to invest in technology-enabled businesses.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC,
Richard C. Levin
Chief Executive Officer, Coursera President Emeritus, Yale University
an educational platform that partners with top universities and organizations worldwide to offer courses online, since April 2014. President Emeritus, Yale University, a private independent university. Mr. Levin was the President of Yale University from July 1993-August 2013 and is the Frederick William Beinecke Professor of Economics. Former Chair of Yale’s Economics Department and Dean of Yale’s Graduate School of Arts and Science. Mr. Levin is a trustee of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, one of the largest philanthropic organizations in the United States. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He is a director of C-3, an energy resource management company, and a former director of Satmetrix Systems, Inc. and Lucent Technologies. Mr. Levin has served on a number of Presidential Commissions and was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the President’s Council of Advisors for Science and Technology.
Chief Executive Officer, Coursera,
Samuel J. Palmisano
Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM
a company that provides business and information technology products and services. Mr. Palmisano joined IBM in 1973. He was elected Senior Vice President and Group Executive of the Personal Systems Group in 1997, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of IBM Global Services in 1998, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of Enterprise Systems in 1999, President and Chief Operating Officer in 2000, Chief Executive Officer in 2002 and Chairman of the Board in 2003. Mr. Palmisano was President and Chief Executive Officer through 2011, Chairman through September 2012, and senior adviser to IBM through December 2012. Mr. Palmisano is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation and Chairman of the Center For Global Enterprises.
Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM,
Daniel L. Vasella
Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG
a company that engages in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of health care products worldwide. Dr. Vasella served as Chairman of Novartis from 1999 to February 2013 and as Chief Executive Officer from 1996 to January 2010. From 1992 to 1996, Dr. Vasella held the positions of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Worldwide Development and Head of Corporate Marketing at Sandoz Pharma Ltd. Dr. Vasella is a director of PepsiCo, Inc., a member of the International Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Mayor of Shanghai, a foreign honorary member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences, a trustee of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a member of several industry associations and educational institutions.
Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG,
Robert D. Walter
Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc.
a company that provides products and services supporting the health care industry. Mr. Walter retired from Cardinal Health in June 2008. Prior to his retirement, he served as Executive Director, November 2007 to June 2008; Executive Chairman of the Board, April 2006 to November 2007; and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 1979 to April 2006. Mr. Walter is a director of Nordstrom, Inc. and YUM! Brands, Inc. Mr. Walter is a former director of Cardinal Health and Battelle Memorial Institute.
Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc.,
Ronald A. Williams
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc.
a leading diversified health care benefits company; Chairman, from October 2006 to April 2011; Chief Executive Officer, February 2006 to November 2010; President, May 2002 to July 2007. Mr. Williams is a director of The Boeing Company and Johnson & Johnson, and is lead director of Envision Healthcare. He serves as an operating advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC. He is a member of The Business Council and a trustee of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he is also a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council and Alfred P. Sloan Management Society at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also a trustee of the Committee for Economic Development. He is a former director of Lucent Technologies. Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Williams co-founded several businesses and served in senior management positions at a number of other companies.
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc.,
Mobile & Tablet Apps
Mobile & Tablet Apps
Bluebird