Parker Management Biographies


Contact Parker
Español
Français
About Parker
About Parker
Working with Parker
Working with Parker
Parker prides itself on it ability to develop and sustain a strong leadership team that has extensive experience in our business.
Many of our senior leaders have spent their entire career learning and developing skills across our organization. This provides a deep talent pool and clear succession plan to ensure continuity and stability in the growth of Parker Hannifin.
Section 16 Executive Officers
Thomas L. Williams
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lee C. Banks
President and Chief Operating Officer
Jon P. Marten
Executive Vice President - Finance & Administration and Chief Financial Officer
Michael Chung
Vice President and President - Automation Group
John R. Greco
Vice President and President - Instrumentation Group
Kurt Keller
Vice President and President - Asia Pacific Group
Robert Malone
Vice President and President - Filtration Group
Jennifer A. Parmentier
Vice President and President - Engineered Materials Group
Andrew D. Ross
Vice President and President - Fluid Connectors Group
Roger S. Sherrard
Vice President and President - Aerospace Group
Andrew M. Weeks
Vice President and President - Hydraulics Group
Robert W. Bond
Vice President - eBusiness, IoT and Services
John G. Dedinsky
Vice President – Global Supply Chain and Procurement
William G. Eline
Vice President - Chief Information Officer
Mark J. Hart
Executive Vice President - Human Resources and External Affairs
Joseph R. Leonti
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
M. Craig Maxwell
Vice President - Chief Technology and Innovation Officer
Daniel S. Serbin
Vice President
Catherine A. Suever
Vice President and Controller
Joachim Guhe
President - Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Group
Candido Lima
President - Latin America Group
Robin J. Davenport
Vice President, Corporate Finance
Christopher M. Farage, Ph.D.
Vice President - International Human Resources & External Affairs
Aidan Gormley
Director - Global Communications & Branding
Parker Hannifin
About Parker
Working with Parker
Contact Parker