Caterpillar | Officers


Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Magyar
Polski
Português
Čeština
This site uses and sets "cookies" on your computer to help make this website better.  You can learn more about these cookies and general information about how to change your cookie settings by clicking .  By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
The commitment and leadership of our dedicated group of officers enable Caterpillar’s position as an industry leader.
Doug Oberhelman - Chairman & CEO
Doug Oberhelman was elected chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer (CEO) of Caterpillar Inc. in 2010.
Since becoming chairman and CEO, Oberhelman has led Caterpillar through accelerated business cycles, implementing cost-efficiencies and Lean manufacturing to simplify and improve global manufacturing and operations. He has also led the company to renew its focus on customers and reinforced its dedication to quality, sustainability and innovations critical to the success of Caterpillar customers and employees, and Cat dealers.
Oberhelman joined the Caterpillar treasury department in 1975 and has worked in or led a wide variety of businesses across the company. He was elected a Caterpillar vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in 1995; and from 2002 to 2010 was a group president with responsibility for many of Caterpillar’s core businesses. Over the course of his career at Caterpillar he has lived in North America, South America and Asia, and has traveled extensively throughout the world.
» Read Oberhelman's Full Biography
R. B. (Rob) Charter
Raymond Chan
Gregory S. Folley
Philip Kelliher
Nigel Lewis
George H. Taylor
Bradley M. Halverson
Kent M. Adams
Michael DeWalt
Kimberly S. Hauer
Julie Lagacy
Tom Pellette
Ken Hoefling
Qihua Chen
Bob De Lange
Paolo Fellin
K.A. (Karl) Weiss
Denise Johnson
Thomas Bluth
Gwenne Henricks
Douglas Hoerr
Jean Savage
D. James (Jim) Umpleby
William P. Ainsworth
Tom Frake
Pablo M. Koziner
Steven W. Niehaus
Tana L. Utley
Ramin Younessi
James B. Buda
  - Executive Vice President
Kathryn Dickey Karol
David P. Bozeman
 - Senior Vice President
Frank J. Crespo
Executive Office
R.B. (Rob) Charter
R. B. (Rob) Charter is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Customer & Dealer Support, which includes Asia Pacific, CIS, Africa & Middle East and Americas & Europe distribution divisions, Global Aftermarket Solutions, Wear Components & Aftermarket Distribution, Marketing and Digital and the Sustainable Solutions Division.
Bradley M. Halverson
Brad Halverson is a group president and CFO of Caterpillar Inc. Halverson has responsibility for the Finance Services Division, Human Services Division, Global Information Services, Financial Products Division, Strategic Services Division, as well as Corporate Auditing.
Thomas Pellette
Thomas Pellette is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. He has administrative responsibility for Construction Industries, which includes the Earthmoving, Excavation, Building Construction Products, China Operations, and the Global Construction & Infrastructure Divisions.
Denise Johnson
Denise Johnson is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Illinois. She has administrative responsibility for Resources Industries, which includes four divisions -- Advanced Components & Systems, Surface Mining & Technology, Material Handling & Underground and Product Development & Global Technology Divisions.  
D. James (Jim) Umpleby
D. James (Jim) Umpleby is a group president of Caterpillar Inc. in Peoria, Ill. He is responsible for Caterpillar's Energy & Transportation Group, which includes the following divisions: Marine & Petroleum Power, Progress Rail Services, Electric Power, Solar Turbines, Industrial Power Systems and Large Power Systems.
James B. Buda
Executive Vice President, Law and Public Policy of Caterpillar Inc.
David P. Bozeman
Senior Vice President with responsibility for the Caterpillar Enterprise System Group.
Kent M. Adams
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and president of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation.
William P. Ainsworth
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and President and CEO of Progress Rail Services and its subsidiaries.
Thomas J. Bluth
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Surface Mining & Technology Division.
Raymond Chan
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Asia Pacific, CIS, Africa & Middle East Distribution Division.
Qihua Chen
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the China Operations Division.
Frank J. Crespo
Vice President and chief procurement officer of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Supply Network Division.
Bob De Lange
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Excavation Division.
Mike DeWalt
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Finance Services Division.
Paolo Fellin
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Global Construction & Infrastructure.
Gregory S. Folley
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Industry Solutions, Components & Distribution Division.
Tom Frake
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Marine and Petroleum Power Division.
Kimberly S. Hauer
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Human Services Division and chief human resources officer.
Gwenne A. Henricks
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Product Development & Global Technology Division.
Ken Hoefling
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibilities for the Building Construction Products Division.
Douglas O. Hoerr
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Material Handling & Underground Division (MH&U).
Kathryn Dickey Karol
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Government and Corporate Affairs Division.
Philip Kelliher
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Americas & Europe Distribution Division.
Pablo Koziner
Vice President of Caterpillar, Inc. and President of Solar Turbines Incorporated, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc., based in San Diego, California.
Julie Lagacy
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Information Services (GIS) Division and Chief Information Officer.
Nigel Lewis
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Global Aftermarket Solutions Division.
Steve Niehaus
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Electric Power Division.
Jean Savage
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Advanced Components and Systems Division
George H. Taylor
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Marketing and Digital Division.
Tana L. Utley
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Large Power Systems Division.
K.E. (Karl) Weiss
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. responsible for the Earthmoving Division.
Ramin Younessi
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Industrial Power Systems Division.
Jananne A. Copeland
- Corporate Controller
Jill E. Daugherty
- Treasurer
Richard D. Moore
Kim R. Doe
Lance W. High
- Corporate Secretary
Christopher M. Reitz
- Assistant Treasurer
Sally A. Stiles
- Assistant Secretary
Patrick G. Holcombe
- Assistant Secretary
Joni J. Funk