Management Team - Rite Aid


wellness+ with Plenti
wellness+ with Plenti Dashboard
wellness+ with Plenti
wellness callout-Contact a Pharmacist
Chat with a Pharmacist
TopMenu-Chat with a Pharmacist. Learn how you can contact a Rite Aid pharmacist online
TopMenu-Learn more about our pharmacists
TopMenu-Upromise. Learn how Upromise works with the wellness+ with Plenti loyalty program
Deals callout-Beauty Guarantee. Learn about the Rite Aid Beauty Guaranteew
John T. Standley Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John Standley, 53, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rite Aid Corporation. Mr. Standley became Chairman of the Board of the Company on June 21, 2012. He has been a director of Rite Aid since June 2009. Mr. Standley has served as Chief Executive Officer since June 2010 and as President from September 2008 until June 2013. Mr. Standley served as the Chief Operating Officer from September 2008 until June 2010. He also served as a consultant to Rite Aid from July 2008 to September 2008. He previously served as CEO of Pathmark Stores, a regional supermarket chain, from 2005 to 2007. Standley first joined Rite Aid in December 1999, serving as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Executive Vice President during his tenure. Mr. Standley previously served as chairman of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores Board of Directors and continues to serve on the Board's Executive Committee.
Ken Martindale CEO of Rite Aid Stores and President of Rite Aid Corporation
Ken Martindale, 56, is CEO of Rite Aid Stores and President of Rite Aid Corporation. Mr. Martindale joined Rite Aid Corporation in December 2008 as Senior Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Marketing and Logistics and was named Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2010. In June 2013, he was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer and in August 2015, he was promoted to the new position of CEO of Rite Aid Stores, in addition to serving as President of Rite Aid Corporation. Prior to joining Rite Aid, Martindale served as Co-President, Chief Merchandising and Marketing Officer for Pathmark Stores, Inc. Mr. Martindale is also the President of The Rite Aid Foundation and serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores (NACDS).
Darren Karst Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
Darren Karst, 56, joined Rite Aid Corporation in August 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In October 2015, Darren was promoted to the combined role of Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining Rite Aid, Karst had served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary at Roundy's, a leading Midwest grocer, since 2002.
David Abelman
Executive Vice President, Marketing
Dedra N. Castle
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Bryan Everett
Executive Vice President, Store Operations
Jocelyn Konrad
Executive Vice President, Pharmacy
Tony Montini
Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Distribution
Tony Bellezza
Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer
Scott Bernard
Senior Vice President, Mid-Atlantic Division
Jim Comitale
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Doug Donley
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Derek Griffith
Senior Vice President, Northeast Division
Christopher Hall
Senior Vice President, Pharmacy Services
Susan Henderson
Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer
Bill Jackson
Senior Vice President, Southern Division
David Kelly
Senior Vice President, Store Development
Mark Kramer
Senior Vice President, NY Metro Division
John Learish
Senior Vice President, Marketing
Wilson A Lester, Jr
Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Daniel Miller
Senior Vice President, Pharmacy Regulatory Affairs
Steve Rempel
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Bill Romine
Senior Vice President, Western Division
Tammy Royer
Senior Vice President, Pharmacy Operations
Bryan Shirtliff
Senior Vice President, Merchandising
Frank Vitrano
Bill Bergin
Group Vice President, Category Management
Ken Black
Group Vice President, Compensation, Benefits and Shared Services
Bob Oberosler
Group Vice President, Loss Prevention
Ray Payne
Group Vice President, Real Estate
Bill Renz
Group Vice President, Category Management
Ernie Richardsen
Group Vice President, Pharmaceutical Purchasing and Managed Care
Matt Schroeder
Group Vice President, Strategy, Investor Relations and Treasurer
wellness+ with Plenti
General FAQs