
MRC,  Products/ Solutions/ Industries/ Company/ Careers/ Media/ Investor Relations Carbon Steel Pipe Carbon Steel Fittings & Flanges Valves Valve Automation Stainless & Alloy Pipe Stainless & Alloy Fittings & Flanges Gas Products Specialty Products Oilfield Products Mill Supplies & Safety Featured Valve Automation MRC,  Global provides a broad range of valves that are available in a wide variety of materials from today’s leading valve manufacturers to fully meet even the most complex and unique requirements. Learn More Global Footprint Depth & Breadth of Products Broad Manufacturing Base Inventory Management Customer Material Management Quality Program Safety Leadership Systems Connectivity Corporate Sustainability Project Services Valve Automation Valve Modification PVF App Featured Project Services The MRC,  Global Projects team adds value through our project execution expertise, global sourcing capabilities, comprehensive products and commercial strength to deliver your project’s unique solution Learn More Upstream Oil & Gas Pipeline Transmission, Gathering & Storage Gas Utilities & Distribution Chemical / Petrochemical Refining Additional Downstream Sectors Featured Chemical/Petrochemical MRC,  Global is the chemical industry's source for a complete range of PVF products in carbon steel, stainless steel and special alloys. Learn More Investor Relations Corporate Bios Our History Locations Contact Us Corporate Responsibility Business Integrity Vision & Mission MRC,  Global Brands Andrew R. Lane President & CEO Andrew R. Lane has served as our president and chief executive officer since September 2008. He has also served as a director of MRC,  Global Inc. since September 2008. Learn More Career Development Six Reasons Roles at MRC,  Global Featured Six Reasons to Join MRC,  Global Our People. Our Benefits. Our Opportunities. Our Stability. Our Heart.  Our Future. Learn More Press Releases MRC,  Global InSight Magazine  MRC,  Global In The News We Know PVF Blog eBrochures MRC,  Global InSight October 2015 MRC,  Global's market-focused magazine, InSight, is published bi-annually for our customers and features product lead times, data, market sector information and price trends. Learn More
Andrew R. Lane,  President & CEO, 
Andrew R. Lane has served as our president and chief executive officer since September 2008. He has also served as a director of MRC Global Inc. since September 2008. Learn More, 
Contact Reason,  New Order Existing Order Invoice Inquiry Vendor Inquiry Other Inquiry PVF Handbook App Blog Please select a reason for your inquiry
New Order,  Existing Order,  Invoice Inquiry,  Vendor Inquiry,  Other Inquiry,  PVF Handbook App,  Blog, 
Contact Reason New Order Existing Order Invoice Inquiry Vendor Inquiry Other Inquiry PVF Handbook App Blog Please select a reason for your inquiry, 
Global Global Our Global Website USA Canada International Australia Indonesia Kazakhstan New Zealand Qatar Singapore South Korea Thailand United Arab Emirates (UAE) China Belgium Germany Finland France Italy Netherlands Norway Sweden United Kingdom Contact Search,  Find a Location Americas United States Canada Europe Belgium Finland France Germany Italy Netherlands Norway Sweden United Kingdom Asia/Pacific Australia Indonesia South Korea China Kazakhstan New Zealand Singapore Thailand United Arab Emirates MRC Products/ Solutions/ Industries/ Company/ Careers/ Media/ Investor Relations Carbon Steel Pipe Carbon Steel Fittings & Flanges Valves Valve Automation Stainless & Alloy Pipe Stainless & Alloy Fittings & Flanges Gas Products Specialty Products Oilfield Products Mill Supplies & Safety Featured Valve Automation MRC Global provides a broad range of valves that are available in a wide variety of materials from today’s leading valve manufacturers to fully meet even the most complex and unique requirements. Learn More Global Footprint Depth & Breadth of Products Broad Manufacturing Base Inventory Management Customer Material Management Quality Program Safety Leadership Systems Connectivity Corporate Sustainability Project Services Valve Automation Valve Modification PVF App Featured Project Services The MRC Global Projects team adds value through our project execution expertise, global sourcing capabilities, comprehensive products and commercial strength to deliver your project’s unique solution Learn More Upstream Oil & Gas Pipeline Transmission, Gathering & Storage Gas Utilities & Distribution Chemical / Petrochemical Refining Additional Downstream Sectors Featured Chemical/Petrochemical MRC Global is the chemical industry's source for a complete range of PVF products in carbon steel, stainless steel and special alloys. Learn More Investor Relations Corporate Bios Our History Locations Contact Us Corporate Responsibility Business Integrity Vision & Mission MRC Global Brands Andrew R. Lane President & CEO Andrew R. Lane has served as our president and chief executive officer since September 2008. He has also served as a director of MRC Global Inc. since September 2008. Learn More Career Development Six Reasons Roles at MRC Global Featured Six Reasons to Join MRC Global Our People. Our Benefits. Our Opportunities. Our Stability. Our Heart.  Our Future. Learn More Press Releases MRC Global InSight Magazine  MRC Global In The News We Know PVF Blog eBrochures MRC Global InSight October 2015 MRC Global's market-focused magazine, InSight, is published bi-annually for our customers and features product lead times, data, market sector information and price trends. Learn More Contact MRC Global Contact Reason New Order Existing Order Invoice Inquiry Vendor Inquiry Other Inquiry PVF Handbook App Blog Please select a reason for your inquiry First NameEnter your first name Last NameEnter your last name TitleEnter your job title CompanyEnter your company's name PhoneEnter your phone EmailEnter a valid email addressEnter your email Username * All Fields Required Type Your CountryEnter your country AddressEnter your street address CityEnter your city State / Province Zip / Postal codeEnter your postal code Reason for Inquiry (Optional) Search, 
Show All Executive Management Team BD SCM Financial Corporate Services,  Executive Management Team Download Org Chart Andrew R. Lane President & CEO MRC Global since 2008 Mr. Lane has served as our president and chief executive officer (CEO) since September 2008. He has also served as a director of MRC Global Inc. since September 2008 and was the chairman of our Board from December 2009 to April 2016. From December 2004 to December 2007, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Halliburton Company, an international, oilfield services firm. Prior to that, he held a variety of leadership roles within Halliburton. Mr. Lane received a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Southern Methodist University in 1981 (cum laude). He also completed the Advanced Management Program (A.M.P.) at Harvard Business School in 2000. James E. Braun Executive VP & CFO MRC Global since 2011 James E. Braun has served as our executive vice president and chief financial officer since November 2011. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Braun served as chief financial officer of Newpark Resources, Inc. since 2006. Newpark provides drilling fluids and other products and services to the oil and gas exploration and production industry, both inside and outside of the U.S. Before joining Newpark, Mr. Braun was chief financial officer of Baker Oil Tools, one of the largest divisions of Baker Hughes Incorporated, a leading provider of drilling, formation evaluation, completion and production products and services to the worldwide oil and gas industry. From 1998 until 2002, he was vice president, finance and administration, of Baker Petrolite, the oilfield specialty chemical business division of Baker Hughes. Previously, he served as vice president and controller of Baker Hughes. Mr. Braun is a CPA and was formerly a partner with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Braun received a B.A. in accounting from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Daniel J. Churay Executive VP Corporate Affairs, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary MRC Global since 2011 Daniel J. Churay has served as our executive vice president corporate affairs, general counsel and corporate secretary since 2011. In his current role, Mr. Churay manages the company’s human resources, legal, risk compliance, corporate services and external and government affairs functions. He also acts as corporate secretary to the company’s board of directors. He previously served as president and CEO of Rex Energy Corporation, an independent oil and gas company; executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of YRC Worldwide Inc., a Fortune 500 transportation and logistics company; and deputy general counsel and assistant secretary of Baker Hughes Incorporated, a Fortune 500 company that provides products and services to the petroleum and continuous process industries. Mr. Churay began his career as an attorney at the law firm of Norton Rose Fulbright in Houston, Texas. Mr. Churay received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Texas and a juris doctorate from the University of Houston Law Center, where he was a member of the Law Review. Steinar Aasland Senior VP International Operations MRC Global since 2014 Steinar Aasland is our senior vice president of international operations. Prior to that role, he served as our senior vice president – Europe since April 2014. Before that, he was the CEO of STREAM AS, which was acquired by MRC Global in 2014, and was responsible for all business activities of its three Subsidiaries, Teamtrade, Solberg & Andersen and Energy Piping. Mr. Aasland has more than 20 years of executive management experience in the PVF industry. Mr. Aasland currently serves as the Chairman of the Board for the Stavanger Chamber of Commerce. He is a mechanical engineer and holds a masters degree in strategy and management. Grant Bates Senior VP Operational Excellence & Chief Information Officer MRC Global since 2000 Grant Bates is our senior vice president of operational excellence and chief information officer. In this role, he is responsible for our global quality, safety, health and environment (QHSE) and our transportation, warehouse operations, business processes teams and information systems. Mr. Bates previously led our Canada region and served as regional vice president of the Australasian region. Mr. Bates joined MRC Global in March 2012 through the acquisition of OneSteel Piping Systems (now known as MRC Piping Systems Australia). Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Bates served as the National Manager of OneSteel Piping Systems. He has more than a decade of experience in manufacturing and distribution in a variety of management roles, including several years as a business analyst and consulting engineer. Mr. Bates holds a B.E. in mechanical engineering from the University of Newcastle, a Graduate diploma in management from Deakin and a Master of business administration from Deakin University. John Bowhay Senior VP Supply Chain Management & Valves MRC Global since 2002 John Bowhay is our senior vice president of supply chain management and valves. He previously served as senior vice president of Asia Pacific and Middle East operations. Before that, Mr. Bowhay served as vice president of European operations since August 2013. Prior to this role, Mr. Bowhay served as the managing director for our United Kingdom operations and prior to that role, he was the vice president of sales in the UK. He brings more than 29 years of industry experience and valve expertise to the MRC Global team. Mr. Bowhay attended the London Business School. Tod Moss Senior VP Operations US Western Region & Canada MRC Global since 1984 Tod Moss is our senior vice president of US Western region and Canada operations. Since 2001, Mr. Moss has held multiple operational leadership positions at our company. He has been involved in opening and expanding many of our service locations in the Rockies, Alaska and North Dakota, as well as our Cheyenne, Tulsa, Odessa and Bakersfield regional distribution centers. Prior to these roles, Mr. Moss was the branch manager in Salt Lake, Utah from 1993 – 2001, and served as assistant product manager of tubular products from 1991-1993. His early career included various field positions including inside sales, outside sales and responsibility for coordinating the line pipe sales and inventory level in the Western US. Mr. Moss began with Vinson Supply in 1984, which was later acquired by Red Man Pipe & Supply. Over the course of his career, he has been involved in integrating the key acquisitions of Wesco Equipment, Dresser Oil Tools and Chaparral Supply. Mr. Moss attended the University of Utah. Robert W. Stein Senior VP Business Development MRC Global since 1984 Robert Stein is our senior vice president of business development. He previously led our downstream and integrated supply teams. Prior to that, Mr. Stein led our US Southwestern region operations. He has been part of MRC Global since 1984 and has served in a variety of roles including regional and branch management, downstream business development, project services and integrated supply. Mr. Stein received a B.B.A. in business management from Sam Houston State University. Karl Witt Senior VP Operations US Eastern & Gulf Coast Region MRC Global since 1980 Karl Witt is our senior vice president of Eastern and Gulf Coast US operations. Prior to that, he served in a variety of roles including seven years as regional vice president of the Eastern region and seven years as regional vice president of the Midwest subregion as well as warehouse manager, outside sales representative, branch manager and vice president of operations with Joliet Valves, which was acquired by McJunkin Red Man Corporation in 2001. Mr. Witt attended South Suburban College in Chicago. BD Download Org Chart Bob Balzer Vice President - BD Upstream MRC Global since 1986 Bob Balzer has led our upstream business development team since June 2013. Prior to this role, he served as our senior vice president of global operational processes beginning in September 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Balzer served as regional vice president of the West Coast U.S. subregion. Throughout his career at MRC Global, he has served as branch manager and regional manager in the West Coast region. Before his time with MRC Global, he held various positions at National Supply in the Rocky Mountain area from 1981-1985. Mr. Balzer holds a B.S. in business from Montana State University. Mike Chamberlain Vice President - BD Downstream, Projects & Integrated Supply MRC Global since 1988 Mike Chamberlain leads our downstream, projects and integrated supply business development team. Prior to this role, Mr. Chamberlain led our US Gulf Coast region operations. He began his MRC Global career in 1988 and has served in inside sales and outside sales positions as well as in the role of branch manager, regional manager and regional vice president within our Gulf Coast region. Mr. Chamberlain holds a B.S. in industrial distribution from Texas A&M University. Rance Long Vice President - BD Midstream MRC Global since 1994 Rance Long has led our midstream business development team since January 2013. Prior to this role he served as corporate vice president – line pipe and was responsible for all line pipe sales in the U.S. He joined MRC Global as part of the acquisition of LaBarge Pipe and Steel in 2008. Mr. Long holds a B.S. in construction from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. SCM Download Org Chart FT Graff Vice President Fittings, Flanges, Alloys & Oilfield Supply MRC Global since 1988 FT Graff has led our fittings, flanges, alloys and oilfield supplies supply chain management team since September 2012. Prior to that, he served as vice president of SCM - stainless PFF and oil field supply since January 2010. Prior to this role, he served as director of SCM – stainless PFF since 2001. He has worked in a variety of positions during his tenure including purchasing, business development, inside sales and outside sales. Mr. Graff earned his B.A. in marketing from Marshall University in Huntington, WV. Jack McCarthy Vice President Line Pipe MRC Global since 2005 Jack McCarthy has led our line pipe team since 2011. Prior to joining MRC Global with the acquisition of LaBarge Pipe and Steel in 2005, he held roles in business development, sales and sales management in the industrial distribution industry for 17 years. Mr. McCarthy is a graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and is a former vice president and board member of the National Association of Steel Pipe Distributors. Stuart Spears Vice President - Valves, Automation & Instrumentation MRC Global since 1977 Stuart Spears has led our valves, automation and instrumentation team since October 2015. Prior to that role, he led our global projects business development team since 2007. And served as corporate vice president of business development in North America prior to that. Since beginning his career in 1977 with McJunkin Corporation, which eventually became MRC Global, Mr. Spears has held roles in supply chain management, business development and operations at various levels of our organization. He earned his B.S. in business administration from West Virginia University. Financial Download Org Chart Rob Bliton Vice President - Internal Audit MRC Global since 2014 Rob Bliton currently serves as our vice president of internal audit. He is responsible for the creation and execution the long-term financial and operational compliance strategy. Prior to his time with our company, Mr. Bliton served as director of internal audit at Baker Hughes for 11 years. He is a graduate of Central Michigan University and holds a bachelor's in accounting finance. He is a Certified Public Accountant, Certified Internal Auditor and Certified Information Systems Auditor. Elton Bond Senior VP & Chief Accounting Officer MRC Global since 2006 Elton Bond has served as senior vice president and chief accounting officer at our company since May 2011. From September 2009 to May 2011, he served as senior vice president and treasurer. Prior to that, he served as vice president of finance and compliance since December 2008. Before that, Mr. Bond was the director of finance and compliance since January 2007. He started his career with MRC Global as the acquisition development manager in April 2006. Prior to joining MRC Global, Mr. Bond was employed with Ernst & Young from 1997 to 2006, serving in a variety of roles, including senior manager of assurance and advisory business services. Mr. Bond received a B.B.A. from Marshall University in 1997. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the West Virginia Society of CPAs. Pam Mundy Vice President - Global Tax MRC Global since 2012 Pam Mundy has served as vice president of global tax since 2014. Prior to this role, she served as our corporate director of tax for international. Ms. Mundy brings 29 years of professional tax experience to the company. She was formerly in the international group at Baker Hughes, and prior to that served as tax director for Western Atlas Inc. She began her career with Arthur Andersen LLP in Houston after she received a B.B.A. in accounting and an M.S. in taxation from Texas A&M University. Ms. Mundy is a CPA and an active member of Tax Executives Institute, Inc., National and Houston chapters. Corporate Services Download Org Chart Stuart Bailey Vice President - Quality, HSE and Operational Excellence MRC Global since 2007 Stuart Bailey has served as vice president of global quality, HSE and operational excellence since 2016. Prior to that role, he led our global quality efforts as well as our health, safety and environment team. Mr. Bailey has more than 16 years of experience in the metals and industrial manufacturing industry and held quality and risk management responsibilities at OneSteel Piping Systems in Australia before it was acquired by MRC Global. This experience, coupled with previous technical, quality and operational roles with Alcoa before joining our company, gives him a well-rounded perspective as the leader of our global quality and operational excellence teams. Mr. Bailey holds a bachelor of metallurgical engineering from the University of New South Wales and a master of business administration from the Australian Graduate School of Management. Jason Graves Vice President - Human Resources MRC Global since 2014 Jason Graves has served as vice president of human resources since October 2014. Prior to his time with our company, Mr. Graves held various HR leadership positions at Baker Hughes. In these roles, he provided field and executive support, organizational design leadership, ex patriate programs and significant support in Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. Prior to his time at Baker Hughes, Mr. Graves worked in HR at Halliburton, Texas Petrochemicals, Solvay Polymers and Pennzoil. Jason earned his B.S. in behavior science from the University of Houston and has received multiple certifications in labor relations, mediation, training and development.
Executive Management Team Download Org Chart,  Andrew R. Lane President & CEO MRC Global since 2008 Mr. Lane has served as our president and chief executive officer (CEO) since September 2008. He has also served as a director of MRC Global Inc. since September 2008 and was the chairman of our Board from December 2009 to April 2016. From December 2004 to December 2007, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Halliburton Company, an international, oilfield services firm. Prior to that, he held a variety of leadership roles within Halliburton. Mr. Lane received a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Southern Methodist University in 1981 (cum laude). He also completed the Advanced Management Program (A.M.P.) at Harvard Business School in 2000. James E. Braun Executive VP & CFO MRC Global since 2011 James E. Braun has served as our executive vice president and chief financial officer since November 2011. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Braun served as chief financial officer of Newpark Resources, Inc. since 2006. Newpark provides drilling fluids and other products and services to the oil and gas exploration and production industry, both inside and outside of the U.S. Before joining Newpark, Mr. Braun was chief financial officer of Baker Oil Tools, one of the largest divisions of Baker Hughes Incorporated, a leading provider of drilling, formation evaluation, completion and production products and services to the worldwide oil and gas industry. From 1998 until 2002, he was vice president, finance and administration, of Baker Petrolite, the oilfield specialty chemical business division of Baker Hughes. Previously, he served as vice president and controller of Baker Hughes. Mr. Braun is a CPA and was formerly a partner with Deloitte & Touche. Mr. Braun received a B.A. in accounting from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Daniel J. Churay Executive VP Corporate Affairs, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary MRC Global since 2011 Daniel J. Churay has served as our executive vice president corporate affairs, general counsel and corporate secretary since 2011. In his current role, Mr. Churay manages the company’s human resources, legal, risk compliance, corporate services and external and government affairs functions. He also acts as corporate secretary to the company’s board of directors. He previously served as president and CEO of Rex Energy Corporation, an independent oil and gas company; executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of YRC Worldwide Inc., a Fortune 500 transportation and logistics company; and deputy general counsel and assistant secretary of Baker Hughes Incorporated, a Fortune 500 company that provides products and services to the petroleum and continuous process industries. Mr. Churay began his career as an attorney at the law firm of Norton Rose Fulbright in Houston, Texas. Mr. Churay received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Texas and a juris doctorate from the University of Houston Law Center, where he was a member of the Law Review. Steinar Aasland Senior VP International Operations MRC Global since 2014 Steinar Aasland is our senior vice president of international operations. Prior to that role, he served as our senior vice president – Europe since April 2014. Before that, he was the CEO of STREAM AS, which was acquired by MRC Global in 2014, and was responsible for all business activities of its three Subsidiaries, Teamtrade, Solberg & Andersen and Energy Piping. Mr. Aasland has more than 20 years of executive management experience in the PVF industry. Mr. Aasland currently serves as the Chairman of the Board for the Stavanger Chamber of Commerce. He is a mechanical engineer and holds a masters degree in strategy and management. Grant Bates Senior VP Operational Excellence & Chief Information Officer MRC Global since 2000 Grant Bates is our senior vice president of operational excellence and chief information officer. In this role, he is responsible for our global quality, safety, health and environment (QHSE) and our transportation, warehouse operations, business processes teams and information systems. Mr. Bates previously led our Canada region and served as regional vice president of the Australasian region. Mr. Bates joined MRC Global in March 2012 through the acquisition of OneSteel Piping Systems (now known as MRC Piping Systems Australia). Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Bates served as the National Manager of OneSteel Piping Systems. He has more than a decade of experience in manufacturing and distribution in a variety of management roles, including several years as a business analyst and consulting engineer. Mr. Bates holds a B.E. in mechanical engineering from the University of Newcastle, a Graduate diploma in management from Deakin and a Master of business administration from Deakin University. John Bowhay Senior VP Supply Chain Management & Valves MRC Global since 2002 John Bowhay is our senior vice president of supply chain management and valves. He previously served as senior vice president of Asia Pacific and Middle East operations. Before that, Mr. Bowhay served as vice president of European operations since August 2013. Prior to this role, Mr. Bowhay served as the managing director for our United Kingdom operations and prior to that role, he was the vice president of sales in the UK. He brings more than 29 years of industry experience and valve expertise to the MRC Global team. Mr. Bowhay attended the London Business School. Tod Moss Senior VP Operations US Western Region & Canada MRC Global since 1984 Tod Moss is our senior vice president of US Western region and Canada operations. Since 2001, Mr. Moss has held multiple operational leadership positions at our company. He has been involved in opening and expanding many of our service locations in the Rockies, Alaska and North Dakota, as well as our Cheyenne, Tulsa, Odessa and Bakersfield regional distribution centers. Prior to these roles, Mr. Moss was the branch manager in Salt Lake, Utah from 1993 – 2001, and served as assistant product manager of tubular products from 1991-1993. His early career included various field positions including inside sales, outside sales and responsibility for coordinating the line pipe sales and inventory level in the Western US. Mr. Moss began with Vinson Supply in 1984, which was later acquired by Red Man Pipe & Supply. Over the course of his career, he has been involved in integrating the key acquisitions of Wesco Equipment, Dresser Oil Tools and Chaparral Supply. Mr. Moss attended the University of Utah. Robert W. Stein Senior VP Business Development MRC Global since 1984 Robert Stein is our senior vice president of business development. He previously led our downstream and integrated supply teams. Prior to that, Mr. Stein led our US Southwestern region operations. He has been part of MRC Global since 1984 and has served in a variety of roles including regional and branch management, downstream business development, project services and integrated supply. Mr. Stein received a B.B.A. in business management from Sam Houston State University. Karl Witt Senior VP Operations US Eastern & Gulf Coast Region MRC Global since 1980 Karl Witt is our senior vice president of Eastern and Gulf Coast US operations. Prior to that, he served in a variety of roles including seven years as regional vice president of the Eastern region and seven years as regional vice president of the Midwest subregion as well as warehouse manager, outside sales representative, branch manager and vice president of operations with Joliet Valves, which was acquired by McJunkin Red Man Corporation in 2001. Mr. Witt attended South Suburban College in Chicago.
BD Download Org Chart,  Bob Balzer Vice President - BD Upstream MRC Global since 1986 Bob Balzer has led our upstream business development team since June 2013. Prior to this role, he served as our senior vice president of global operational processes beginning in September 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Balzer served as regional vice president of the West Coast U.S. subregion. Throughout his career at MRC Global, he has served as branch manager and regional manager in the West Coast region. Before his time with MRC Global, he held various positions at National Supply in the Rocky Mountain area from 1981-1985. Mr. Balzer holds a B.S. in business from Montana State University. Mike Chamberlain Vice President - BD Downstream, Projects & Integrated Supply MRC Global since 1988 Mike Chamberlain leads our downstream, projects and integrated supply business development team. Prior to this role, Mr. Chamberlain led our US Gulf Coast region operations. He began his MRC Global career in 1988 and has served in inside sales and outside sales positions as well as in the role of branch manager, regional manager and regional vice president within our Gulf Coast region. Mr. Chamberlain holds a B.S. in industrial distribution from Texas A&M University. Rance Long Vice President - BD Midstream MRC Global since 1994 Rance Long has led our midstream business development team since January 2013. Prior to this role he served as corporate vice president – line pipe and was responsible for all line pipe sales in the U.S. He joined MRC Global as part of the acquisition of LaBarge Pipe and Steel in 2008. Mr. Long holds a B.S. in construction from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.
SCM Download Org Chart,  FT Graff Vice President Fittings, Flanges, Alloys & Oilfield Supply MRC Global since 1988 FT Graff has led our fittings, flanges, alloys and oilfield supplies supply chain management team since September 2012. Prior to that, he served as vice president of SCM - stainless PFF and oil field supply since January 2010. Prior to this role, he served as director of SCM – stainless PFF since 2001. He has worked in a variety of positions during his tenure including purchasing, business development, inside sales and outside sales. Mr. Graff earned his B.A. in marketing from Marshall University in Huntington, WV. Jack McCarthy Vice President Line Pipe MRC Global since 2005 Jack McCarthy has led our line pipe team since 2011. Prior to joining MRC Global with the acquisition of LaBarge Pipe and Steel in 2005, he held roles in business development, sales and sales management in the industrial distribution industry for 17 years. Mr. McCarthy is a graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and is a former vice president and board member of the National Association of Steel Pipe Distributors. Stuart Spears Vice President - Valves, Automation & Instrumentation MRC Global since 1977 Stuart Spears has led our valves, automation and instrumentation team since October 2015. Prior to that role, he led our global projects business development team since 2007. And served as corporate vice president of business development in North America prior to that. Since beginning his career in 1977 with McJunkin Corporation, which eventually became MRC Global, Mr. Spears has held roles in supply chain management, business development and operations at various levels of our organization. He earned his B.S. in business administration from West Virginia University.
Financial Download Org Chart,  Rob Bliton Vice President - Internal Audit MRC Global since 2014 Rob Bliton currently serves as our vice president of internal audit. He is responsible for the creation and execution the long-term financial and operational compliance strategy. Prior to his time with our company, Mr. Bliton served as director of internal audit at Baker Hughes for 11 years. He is a graduate of Central Michigan University and holds a bachelor's in accounting finance. He is a Certified Public Accountant, Certified Internal Auditor and Certified Information Systems Auditor. Elton Bond Senior VP & Chief Accounting Officer MRC Global since 2006 Elton Bond has served as senior vice president and chief accounting officer at our company since May 2011. From September 2009 to May 2011, he served as senior vice president and treasurer. Prior to that, he served as vice president of finance and compliance since December 2008. Before that, Mr. Bond was the director of finance and compliance since January 2007. He started his career with MRC Global as the acquisition development manager in April 2006. Prior to joining MRC Global, Mr. Bond was employed with Ernst & Young from 1997 to 2006, serving in a variety of roles, including senior manager of assurance and advisory business services. Mr. Bond received a B.B.A. from Marshall University in 1997. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the West Virginia Society of CPAs. Pam Mundy Vice President - Global Tax MRC Global since 2012 Pam Mundy has served as vice president of global tax since 2014. Prior to this role, she served as our corporate director of tax for international. Ms. Mundy brings 29 years of professional tax experience to the company. She was formerly in the international group at Baker Hughes, and prior to that served as tax director for Western Atlas Inc. She began her career with Arthur Andersen LLP in Houston after she received a B.B.A. in accounting and an M.S. in taxation from Texas A&M University. Ms. Mundy is a CPA and an active member of Tax Executives Institute, Inc., National and Houston chapters.
Corporate Services Download Org Chart,  Stuart Bailey Vice President - Quality, HSE and Operational Excellence MRC Global since 2007 Stuart Bailey has served as vice president of global quality, HSE and operational excellence since 2016. Prior to that role, he led our global quality efforts as well as our health, safety and environment team. Mr. Bailey has more than 16 years of experience in the metals and industrial manufacturing industry and held quality and risk management responsibilities at OneSteel Piping Systems in Australia before it was acquired by MRC Global. This experience, coupled with previous technical, quality and operational roles with Alcoa before joining our company, gives him a well-rounded perspective as the leader of our global quality and operational excellence teams. Mr. Bailey holds a bachelor of metallurgical engineering from the University of New South Wales and a master of business administration from the Australian Graduate School of Management. Jason Graves Vice President - Human Resources MRC Global since 2014 Jason Graves has served as vice president of human resources since October 2014. Prior to his time with our company, Mr. Graves held various HR leadership positions at Baker Hughes. In these roles, he provided field and executive support, organizational design leadership, ex patriate programs and significant support in Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. Prior to his time at Baker Hughes, Mr. Graves worked in HR at Halliburton, Texas Petrochemicals, Solvay Polymers and Pennzoil. Jason earned his B.S. in behavior science from the University of Houston and has received multiple certifications in labor relations, mediation, training and development.
RSS,  LinkedIn, 
Products & Services,  Company Overview,  Global Valve Solutions,  Valve Automation,  Valve Selection Guide,  Tubular Solutions,  Project Solutions,  Corrosion Resistant Products,  Gas Distribution,  Mining,  Instrumentation,  Steam Systems Solutions,  Bolt Chart,  Pipe Chart, 
http://www.mrcglobal.com/Company/Corporate-Bios