EMC Executive Biographies


EMC Executive Bios
Executive Team
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Tucci
Vice Chairman
William J. Teuber Jr.
CEO, EMC Information Infrastructure
David I. Goulden
President and COO, Global Enterprise Services; Co-leader, Dell/EMC Value Creation and Integration Office
Howard D. Elias
President, Products and Marketing
Jeremy Burton
President, Global Sales and Customer Operations
Bill Scannell
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Paul T. Dacier
Erin McSweeney
Chief Financial Officer
Denis G. Cashman
Joe Tucci
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joe Tucci is Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of EMC Corporation. He has been EMC's Chairman since January 2006 and CEO since January 2001, one year after he joined the company as President and Chief Operating Officer. He is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of VMware Corporation. He is based at EMC's corporate headquarters in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
Tucci has led EMC through a period of dramatic revitalization and continued market share gains, having transformed EMC's business model from what was a near exclusive focus on high-end storage platforms into today’s federation of businesses that includes EMC Information Infrastructure, VMware, Pivotal, RSA and VCE. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC enables businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
Under Tucci’s leadership, EMC has amassed a long track record of successful acquisitions and partnerships to expand EMC’s portfolio, enter new market segments and enlarge the company's addressable market opportunity. He has expanded the company's marketplace beyond large enterprises to commercial and small-medium businesses, broadened the company's industry alliances, and established new selling, partnership and distribution channels. He has strengthened EMC's management team with the integration of executives from other major technology companies. He has championed EMC's commitment to the Total Customer Experience, to consistently exceed customers' expectations for quality, service, innovation and interaction. Acknowledging EMC's growth under Tucci's leadership, Barron's named him one of the world's Best CEOs for the second year in a row in 2012. In 2014, EMC was named one of the world’s top 25 multinational workplaces out of 2,800 global companies surveyed by the Great Place to Work Institute.
Before joining EMC, Tucci directed the financial and operational rebirth of Wang Global during six years as its Chairman and CEO. At Wang, he guided the company through a rapid and successful emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and transformed the company from a midrange computer manufacturer into a worldwide leader in networked technology services and solutions. Under his leadership, Wang acquired and integrated ten companies from 1995 through 1999, and its market capitalization more than tripled. In June 1999, Wang was acquired by Getronics NV. Prior to joining Wang in 1990, Tucci was President of U.S. Information Systems for Unisys Corporation, a position he assumed after the 1986 merger of Sperry and Burroughs that created Unisys. He began his career as a systems programmer at RCA Corporation and holds a bachelor's degree from Manhattan College and an MS in Business Policy from Columbia University.
Tucci is one of 150 CEO members of The Business Roundtable and the former chairman of its Task Force on Education and the Workforce. He is one of eight chief executives who steer The Technology CEO Council, the IT industry's leading public policy advocacy organization, and is a member of the Executive Council of TechNet, a network of CEOs who work to advance U.S. global leadership in innovation. He is one of 16 business leaders who steer the Massachusetts Competitive Partnership. In addition, he is a member of the Board of Directors of Paychex, Inc.; a member of the Board of Overseers, Columbia Business School; a member of the Board of Trustees of Northeastern University; a member of the Board of Advisors of the Carroll School of Management at Boston College; a member of the Advisory Board of Tsinghua University, in Beijing, China; an Overseer of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and a member of the board of The National Academy Foundation.
William J. Teuber Jr.
Vice Chairman
William J. (Bill) Teuber Jr. is the Vice Chairman at EMC Corporation. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset-information-in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
Teuber was appointed to the newly-created executive position of Vice Chairman in 2006. In this role, he focuses on strategy and business development in emerging markets, assists with government relations and works closely with the Board of Directors. In addition, sponsors EMC’s largest customer accounts and works with EMC Chairman and CEO Joe Tucci and EMC’s executive team to develop future leaders of the company. He is based at EMC’s corporate headquarters in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
From 2006 to July 2012, Teuber oversaw EMC Customer Operations, the company's global sales and distribution organization. In this role, he was responsible for driving EMC's growth and market leadership worldwide. His scope of responsibilities included overseeing investments to build up EMC's presence in emerging markets, which delivered robust revenue growth under his leadership. Before that, Teuber served as EMC's Chief Financial Officer from 1996 to 2006, leading the company's worldwide finance operation with responsibility for all of EMC's financial reporting, balance sheet management, foreign exchange, audit, tax, and investment banking programs. While CFO, he was also responsible for EMC's Information Technology and Investor Relations functions.
Prior to becoming CFO, Teuber was Vice President and Corporate Controller. He joined EMC in 1995 from Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. where he was a partner in the firm's Audit and Financial Advisory Services practice.
He is a member of the board of directors of Popular, Inc., a diversified financial services company that includes Banco Popular as a holding, and Inovalon Inc., a healthcare technology company. He is also a Trustee of the College of the Holy Cross. He holds an MBA degree from Babson College, a Master of Science in Taxation from Bentley College, and a Bachelor’s degree from Holy Cross.
David I. Goulden
Chief Executive Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure
David I. Goulden is Chief Executive Officer of EMC Information Infrastructure, the largest business in the EMC federation, which also includes VMware and Pivotal. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC Corporation is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
Goulden was appointed CEO of EMC Information Infrastructure in January 2014, after serving as President and Chief Operating Officer of the business unit since 2012, when he assumed full responsibility for Engineering and Product Development, Sales and Customer Operations, Services, Marketing and G&A functions. He is a 12-year EMC veteran who also served as EMC’s Chief Financial Officer from 2006 until 2014, holding full responsibility for financial operations of EMC Corporation’s consolidated business, including all of EMC’s financial planning and reporting, balance sheet management, foreign exchange, audit, tax, investment banking and investor relations programs. Since joining EMC in 2002, Goulden has been a key leader in making mergers and acquisitions a core competency at EMC by playing a major role in more than 75 acquisitions as well as business model innovations such as the corporate structure of EMC majority-owned VMware and the formation of VCE, EMC's joint venture with Cisco, supported by investments from VMware and Intel. In 2011, analysts surveyed by magazine named Goulden the best CFO in IT Hardware.
Goulden's 34-year career in the IT industry includes experience as a general manager with P&L responsibility for global businesses and as a leader of EMC global sales, services, marketing and business development. Before becoming EMC’s CFO in 2006, he led EMC's Sales and Customer Operations for EMC worldwide, including Global Sales in the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific theaters, Global Channels, and Alliances and Partners. Under his direction, EMC rapidly transformed into a solutions-oriented technology company with a segmented go-to-market strategy and a partner-friendly selling model. Prior to that, he oversaw Marketing and New Business Development, where he led EMC's acquisitions and integrations of Legato, Documentum and VMware.
Goulden joined EMC from Getronics, a global IT services provider. There, he was a member of the Board of Management, President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for operations in the Americas and Asia Pacific, a role he assumed after Getronics acquired Wang Global in June 1999. Prior to the acquisition, he served in numerous executive, strategy and marketing roles during a decade with Wang, as president of Wang Global's U.S. Operations in 1999, as senior vice president for Marketing and Corporate Development directing the company's worldwide go-to-market strategy, and as the leader of the acquisition team for the 1998 purchase of Olsy, the former worldwide services and solutions subsidiary of Olivetti, which more than doubled Wang's size, when the company became known as Wang Global.
Prior to joining Wang in 1990, Goulden was at Unisys for 10 years in a series of international sales and marketing positions. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Durham University (England) and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Cranfield School of Management (England).
Howard D. Elias
President and COO, Global Enterprise Services; Co-leader, Dell/EMC Value Creation and Integration Office
Howard Elias is President and Chief Operating Officer, EMC Global Enterprise Services and the co-leader of the Integration activities related to the forthcoming Dell combination. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset – information – in a more agile, trusted, and cost-efficient way.
Elias has overall responsibility for setting the strategy, driving execution, and creating best practices for EMC services that enable customers' digital transformation and data center modernization through cloud computing. He oversees EMC's consulting services, technology professional services, operational services, and award-winning global customer support organizations, which provide strategic guidance and technology expertise to help organizations drive business value through IT innovation with a focus on exceptional total customer experience. Elias also has responsibility for corporate shared services including IT, Centers of Excellence, Global Business Services and Manufacturing and Supply Chain operations.
As EMC’s Integration Leader, Elias is also responsible for overseeing the value creation and integration of Dell and EMC. The combination of Dell and EMC will create a leading end-to-end technology company capable of delivering unmatched solutions to customers worldwide. Together with his counterpart at Dell, Elias leads the cross-functional teams managing due diligence and planning, and upon close, he will help oversee the integration of the combined companies.
Elias was a co-founder and served on the Board of Managers of the Virtual Computing Environment (VCE) Company, now part of EMC’s Converged Platform Division. Previously, Elias was President, EMC Global Services and an EMC Executive Vice President. Prior to his role managing EMC Global Services, Elias was Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Development. In addition to overseeing all of EMC's marketing, sales enablement, communications, and technology alliances activities, he was also responsible for Corporate Development and New Ventures, which focused on M&A, new business development, and the integration of acquisitions as well as investments and the incubation of new businesses.
A veteran IT executive, Elias joined EMC in October 2003 from Hewlett-Packard Company, where he was Senior Vice President of Business Management and Operations for the Enterprise Systems Group. Previous to that, he was HP's Senior Vice President and General Manager of Network Storage Solutions. Prior to HP's acquisition of Compaq in 2002, Elias spent a year as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Compaq's Business Critical Server Group and three years as Vice President and General Manager of the company's Storage Products Division, during which Compaq became a leader in mid-tier storage systems. He also held various senior business and product management positions at Digital, AST Research, and Tandy Corporation.
Elias is a director of TEGNA, Inc., formerly Gannett Co., Inc., which comprises a dynamic portfolio of media and digital businesses.
Jeremy Burton
President, Products and Marketing
Jeremy Burton is President, Products and Marketing at EMC. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
Burton was appointed President to lead Products and Marketing in March 2014. He is responsible for product divisions within EMC’s Information Infrastructure business, including development and coordination of cross business unit product operations, the Office of the CTO and Global Marketing. Burton joined EMC as Chief Marketing Officer in March 2010, responsible for the global structure, strategy, and execution of all aspects of EMC's marketing efforts, including all major events and programs. As head of Global Marketing, he extended EMC's presence and relevance on the world stage, building and guiding EMC's global reputation and brand, and further enabling the success of the company's sales teams and partner ecosystem. He is based at EMC's offices in Santa Clara, California.
A 20-year veteran of the IT industry, Burton joined EMC from Serena Software, where he was President and CEO. Previously, as Group President of Symantec's Security and Data Management Business Unit, Burton was responsible for the company's $2 billion Enterprise Security product line. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President of the Data Management Group at Veritas, responsible for the company's backup and archiving products. He also served as Chief Marketing Officer at Veritas. Earlier in his career, he spent nearly a decade at Oracle, culminating in the role of Senior Vice President of Product and Services Marketing.
Burton holds a bachelor's degree in Information Systems Engineering from the University of Surrey, England.
Bill Scannell
President, Global Sales and Customer Operations
Bill Scannell is President, Global Sales and Customer Operations at EMC Corporation. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
Scannell was appointed President of Global Sales and Customer Operations in July 2012 after overseeing customer operations in the Americas and EMEA. He is responsible for driving EMC's global growth and continued market leadership by delivering and supporting the full range of EMC products, services and solutions to organizations in established and new markets around the world. He is also responsible for enhancing global partner and channel relationships and ensuring that EMC’s customer facing sales and service professionals understand and communicate the unique value that EMC brings to customers and business partners. As part of this mission, he focuses on driving coordination and teamwork among EMC's business unit sales forces. He is also charged with building and maintaining relationships with EMC's largest global accounts, global alliance partners, and global channel partners.
Scannell has risen steadily through the management ranks of EMC since he joined the company in 1986. He began his career as an EMC sales representative and became country manager of Canada in 1988. Shortly thereafter, his theater responsibilities expanded to include the U.S. and Latin America. In 1999, he moved to London to oversee EMC's business across all of Europe, Middle East and Africa. He then managed Worldwide Sales in 2001 and 2002 before being appointed Executive Vice President in 2007. Under Scannell’s leadership, EMC's customer facing professionals have earned distinction as one of the most successful and customer-focused organizations in any industry, solidifying EMC's position as a world leader in information technology.
Scannell holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management from Northeastern University and is based at EMC's corporate headquarters in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
Paul T. Dacier
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Paul T. Dacier is Executive Vice President and General Counsel of EMC Corporation. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect, and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted, and cost-efficient way.
In 2013 and 2014, Dacier was President of the Boston Bar Association, one of the oldest bar associations in America, which claims more than 10,000 members. He is also a trustee of the Social Law Library, one of the largest legal research institutions in the United States.
In 2015, Dacier was appointed chairman of the Massachusetts Judicial Nominating Commission by Governor Charles D. Baker, Jr. This twenty-one person commission advises the Governor on candidates for judicial office in Massachusetts.
In 2006, Dacier was appointed by Governor Mitt Romney as the presiding officer in proceedings to de-designate or remove for cause the then chairperson of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority.
Dacier has received numerous recognitions including being named one of the Most Influential Attorneys in the state by and receiving Massachusetts Appleseed's Good Apple award in 2010. His team of approximately 120 lawyers has also received wide acclaim for their dedication and service in their profession, including being named magazine's 2009 Corporate Governance Team of the Year.
Corporate Secretary
Dacier is vice chairman of the board of directors of AERCAP Holdings N.V., the world’s largest aircraft leasing company located in the Netherlands. He is also a past President of the Knox Trail Council, Boy Scouts of America.
Dacier received a bachelor's degree in History from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is also a graduate of Marquette University Law School. In 2015, the law school named him Alumnus of the year. Dacier is admitted to practice law in Wisconsin and Massachusetts.
Erin McSweeney
Erin McSweeney leads EMC's global Human Resources practice, setting the people strategy to ensure that world-class talent drives EMC's success. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 people worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Through its innovative solutions, products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to hybrid cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect, and predictably analyze their most valuable asset – information.
McSweeney’s responsibilities include executive, leadership, and employee development; compensation and benefits; staffing; and a global network of HR professionals advising EMC’s business leaders. As a member of the senior leadership team, she strives to create the best working environment for EMC employees, in keeping with the company’s designation as a Top 25 global Great Place to Work. She is based at EMC's corporate headquarters in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
With nearly 30 years of experience as an HR professional in a variety of technology and services startup companies and turnaround situations, McSweeney is an experienced strategic change agent with a track record of transforming organizations and cultures. She is passionate about the topic of Diversity and Inclusion, representing EMC at external forums with employees, customers and partners.
Prior to her current role, she led Human Resources for EMC’s product and marketing divisions, supporting nearly 15,000 employees worldwide. In this capacity, she partnered with general managers of business units and functional organizations to lead a major, multi-year transformation of the company’s products and engineering divisions.
McSweeney earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of New Hampshire, a Master’s degree in Business from Suffolk University and a Juris Doctor from New England Law School, where she was the1995 recipient of the American Jurisprudence Award in Employment Law and Practices. A licensed attorney, she is a member of the Massachusetts Bar Association as well as the New England Human Resources Association and Society of Human Resource Management.
Denis G. Cashman
Chief Financial Officer
Denis G. Cashman is the Chief Financial Officer of EMC Corporation. With revenues of $24.7 billion in 2015 and more than 70,000 employees worldwide, EMC is a global leader in enabling businesses and service providers to transform their operations and deliver IT as a service. Fundamental to this transformation is cloud computing. Through innovative products and services, EMC accelerates the journey to cloud computing, helping IT departments to store, manage, protect and analyze their most valuable asset—information—in a more agile, trusted and cost-efficient way.
As EMC's CFO, Cashman is responsible for the global financial operations of EMC's consolidated business worldwide, including all of EMC's financial planning and reporting, balance sheet management, foreign exchange, audit, tax, treasury, investment banking, governance and investor relations programs. He is based at EMC headquarters in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
Previously, beginning in March 2014, Cashman was CFO of EMC's Information Infrastructure business, responsible for the $17 billion business unit's financial operations worldwide. A longtime veteran of EMC, Cashman and his finance organization have been responsible for driving many of the financial activities that have enabled EMC to execute what the company calls its financial “Triple Play”: gaining market share, maximizing financial leverage and investing for the future.
Cashman began his professional career with EMC in 1988 as Finance Controller for EMC's manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland. He later became EMC's European Financial Controller and then International Financial Controller before being named Vice President of International Finance in 1997. He transferred to the U.S. in 2000, where he was named Senior Vice President in 2002, Corporate Controller in 2005, and Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Finance in 2011.
He is a Chartered Certified Accountant (ACCA) and is a graduate of Cork Institute of Technology (CIT), Ireland.
DSSD
Isilon
VCE Vblock
Email General Inquiries