
Overview,  Stock Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Financial Information,  Asset List,  Investor FAQs,  Contact Us,  Corporate Governance,  Conflict Minerals Policy, 
Liberty Announces When-Issued Trading, Ex-Dividend Date and Trading Tier Information for Spin-Off of CommerceHub,  07/20/16
Liberty Interactive Corporation Announces Completion of CommerceHub Spin-Off 07/22/16 Liberty Announces When-Issued Trading, Ex-Dividend Date and Trading Tier Information for Spin-Off of CommerceHub 07/20/16 Liberty Announces Semi-Annual Interest Payment and Excess Regular Cash Dividend Amount on 3.5% Senior Exchangeable Debentures Due 2031 07/15/16 Liberty Announces New Proposed Distribution Date for Spin-off of CommerceHub 07/08/16 View all »   , 
Management Liberty Interactive Corporation Display all Bios,  John C. Malone Chairman Dr. John C. Malone - is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Broadband Corporation and Liberty Global plc. From 1996 to March 1999, when Tele-Communications, Inc. (TCI) merged with AT&T Corp., he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TCI. Previous to that, from 1973 to 1996, Dr. Malone served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TCI. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for  Discovery Communications, Inc., Charter Communications, Inc., Expedia, Inc. and Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Additionally, Dr. Malone is Chairman Emeritus of the Board for Cable Television Laboratories, Inc. Born in 1941 in Milford, Connecticut, Dr. Malone was a Phi Beta Kappa and merit scholar at Yale University where he obtained a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Economics in 1963. He also received a Master of Science in Industrial Management from Johns Hopkins in 1964 and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Operations Research from Johns Hopkins in 1967. He has received two Honorary Degrees for Doctorate of Human Letters; the first from Denver University in 1992 and the second from Johns Hopkins University in 2012. Dr. Malone began his career in 1963 at Bell Telephone Laboratories/AT&T in economic planning and research and development. In 1968, he joined McKinsey & Company and in 1970 he became Group Vice President at General Instrument Corporation (GI). He was later named President of Jerrold Electronics, a GI subsidiary. He served as Director of the National Cable Television Association (NCTA) from 1974 to 1977 and again from 1980 to 1993. During the 1977-1978 term, Dr. Malone was the NCTA's Treasurer. In 1983, Dr. Malone received the NCTA Vanguard Award, one of the highest honors in the cable television industry. He has received many other awards and honors which include: TVC Magazine Man of the Year Award - 1981; Wall Street Transcript's Gold Award for the cable industry's best Chief Executive Officer - 1982, 1985, 1986 and 1987; Wall Street Transcript’s Silver Award in 1984 and 1989; Women In Cable's Betsy Magness Fellowship Honoree; University of Pennsylvania Wharton School Sol C. Snider Entrepreneurial Center Award of Merit for Distinguished Entrepreneurship; American Jewish Committee Sherrill C. Corwin Human Relations Award; Communications Technology Magazine Service and Technology Award; Bronze Award - 1993 Financial World CEO of the Year Competition; The Hopkins Distinguished Alumnus Award in 1994 and in 2004 the Hopkins Medal, the school’s highest award. He is also recognized as a Yale Sterling Fellow (Harkness Circle). Gregory B. Maffei Chief Executive Officer Greg Maffei leads the team transforming Liberty Media Corporation and Liberty Interactive Corporation to compete in the digital/mobile era.  Liberty Media owns media, communications and entertainment businesses, including subsidiaries SiriusXM and the Atlanta Braves and an interest in Live Nation Entertainment.  Liberty Interactive owns digital commerce businesses, including subsidiaries QVC, zulily, Bodybuilding.com, CommerceHub and Evite, and interests in Expedia, Interval Leisure Group, FTD and HSN.  Under his tenure, Liberty's stocks have significantly outperformed the major stock indices and comparable companies.  In addition, Maffei serves as President and CEO of Liberty Broadband and Chairman, President and CEO of Liberty TripAdvisor, which were spun-off from Liberty Media and Liberty Interactive, respectively, in 2014.  Liberty Broadband consists primarily of a stake in Charter Communications and Liberty TripAdvisor holds a controlling interest in TripAdvisor. Maffei serves as chairman of the board of the Liberty-related companies Live Nation Entertainment, SiriusXM, Starz and TripAdvisor, and is a director of Charter Communications and Zillow. Prior to joining Liberty in 2005, Maffei served as President and CFO of Oracle, Chairman, President and CEO of 360networks, CFO of Microsoft and Chairman of the Board of Expedia.  Previously, he was a director of Barnes & Noble, Citrix, DIRECTV, Dorling Kindersley, Electronic Arts and Starbucks Coffee. Maffei is a member of the Board of Trustees of Dartmouth College and Council on Foreign Relations.  He previously served as President of the Board of Trustees of the Seattle Public Library. He has a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar, and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Dartmouth College.   Richard N. Baer Chief Legal Officer With Liberty Interactive Corporation since 2013 Richard N. Baer – serves as Chief Legal Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Baer has been with Liberty since January 2013.  Previously, Mr. Baer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and was formerly Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Qwest Communications International, Inc.  Prior to joining Qwest, Mr. Baer served as chairman of the litigation department at the Denver law firm of Sherman & Howard L.L.C. Mr. Baer serves on the Board of Trustees of National Jewish Medical Center. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University and a Juris Doctorate degree from Duke University. Albert E. Rosenthaler Chief Tax Officer Albert E. Rosenthaler – serves as Chief Tax Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Rosenthaler has been with Liberty since April 2002, and is responsible for overseeing our corporate tax function. Previously, he was a tax partner at Arthur Andersen LLP where he was a member of the firm’s corporate transactions and oil and gas tax teams, specializing in domestic and international organizations and mergers and acquisitions for clients engaged in the cable television, telecom and natural resource industries. Mr. Rosenthaler serves as a director of Liberty TripAdvisor and TripAdvisor and on the Board of Trustees for Mile High United Way. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Olivet College and a Master of Accounting Science from the University of Illinois. Christopher W. Shean Chief Financial Officer Christopher W. Shean – serves as Chief Financial Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Shean has been with Liberty since 2000 and is responsible for overseeing our finance, accounting and treasury functions. Previously, Mr. Shean served in the assurance practice of the accounting firm of KPMG, most recently as a partner. Mr. Shean serves as a director of Expedia and FTD. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, where he serves on the Department of Accounting and Information Systems advisory board and on the Pamplin College of Business Advisory Council.
John C. Malone,  Chairman
Dr. John C. Malone,  - is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Broadband Corporation and Liberty Global plc. From 1996 to March 1999, when Tele-Communications, Inc. (TCI) merged with AT&T Corp., he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TCI. Previous to that, from 1973 to 1996, Dr. Malone served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TCI. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for  Discovery Communications, Inc., Charter Communications, Inc., Expedia, Inc. and Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Additionally, Dr. Malone is Chairman Emeritus of the Board for Cable Television Laboratories, Inc.
Gregory B. Maffei,  Chief Executive Officer
Greg Maffei leads the team transforming Liberty Media Corporation and Liberty Interactive Corporation to compete in the digital/mobile era. ,  Liberty Media owns media, communications and entertainment businesses, including subsidiaries SiriusXM and the Atlanta Braves and an interest in Live Nation Entertainment. ,  Liberty Interactive owns digital commerce businesses, including subsidiaries QVC, zulily, Bodybuilding.com, CommerceHub and Evite, and interests in Expedia, Interval Leisure Group, FTD and HSN. ,  Under his tenure, Liberty's stocks have significantly outperformed the major stock indices and comparable companies. , ,  In addition, Maffei serves as President and CEO of Liberty Broadband and Chairman, President and CEO of Liberty TripAdvisor, which were spun-off from Liberty Media and Liberty Interactive, respectively, in 2014. ,  Liberty Broadband consists primarily of a stake in Charter Communications and Liberty TripAdvisor holds a controlling interest in TripAdvisor. Maffei serves as chairman of the board of the Liberty-related companies Live Nation Entertainment, SiriusXM, Starz and TripAdvisor, and is a director of Charter Communications and Zillow. Prior to joining Liberty in 2005, Maffei served as President and CFO of Oracle, Chairman, President and CEO of 360networks, CFO of Microsoft and Chairman of the Board of Expedia. ,  Previously, he was a director of Barnes & Noble, Citrix, DIRECTV, Dorling Kindersley, Electronic Arts and Starbucks Coffee. Maffei is a member of the Board of Trustees of Dartmouth College and Council on Foreign Relations. ,  He previously served as President of the Board of Trustees of the Seattle Public Library. He has a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar, and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Dartmouth College.  , 
Richard N. Baer,  Chief Legal Officer
With Liberty Interactive Corporation since 2013,  Richard N. Baer – serves as Chief Legal Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Baer has been with Liberty since January 2013.  Previously, Mr. Baer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and was formerly Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Qwest Communications International, Inc.  Prior to joining Qwest, Mr. Baer served as chairman of the litigation department at the Denver law firm of Sherman & Howard L.L.C.,  Mr. Baer serves on the Board of Trustees of National Jewish Medical Center. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University and a Juris Doctorate degree from Duke University., 
Albert E. Rosenthaler,  Chief Tax Officer
Albert E. Rosenthaler – serves as Chief Tax Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Rosenthaler has been with Liberty since April 2002, and is responsible for overseeing our corporate tax function. Previously, he was a tax partner at Arthur Andersen LLP where he was a member of the firm’s corporate transactions and oil and gas tax teams, specializing in domestic and international organizations and mergers and acquisitions for clients engaged in the cable television, telecom and natural resource industries.,  Mr. Rosenthaler serves as a director of Liberty TripAdvisor and TripAdvisor and on the Board of Trustees for Mile High United Way. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Olivet College and a Master of Accounting Science from the University of Illinois., 
Christopher W. Shean,  Chief Financial Officer
Christopher W. Shean – serves as Chief Financial Officer of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Broadband Corporation. Mr. Shean has been with Liberty since 2000 and is responsible for overseeing our finance, accounting and treasury functions. Previously, Mr. Shean served in the assurance practice of the accounting firm of KPMG, most recently as a partner.,  Mr. Shean serves as a director of Expedia and FTD. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, where he serves on the Department of Accounting and Information Systems advisory board and on the Pamplin College of Business Advisory Council.
INVESTOR RELATIONS,  Overview,  Stock Information,  Analyst Coverage,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Financial Information,  Asset List,  Investor FAQs,  Contact Us,  Corporate Governance,   - Management,   - Board of Directors,   - Committee Composition,  Conflict Minerals Policy, 
http://ir.libertyinteractive.com/management.cfm