leadership


analyst coverage
Brian Cornell
Board Chairman and CEO
Brian Cornell is board chairman and CEO of Target Corp. He is responsible for Target’s global business, including nearly 1,800 U.S. stores and Target.com, more than 341,000 team members and ...
about Brian Cornell
Timothy R. Baer
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Tim Baer is executive vice president, chief legal officer and corporate secretary for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. His areas of responsibility include the law department, government ...
about Timothy R. Baer
Jason Goldberger
President, Target.com and Chief Digital Officer
Jason Goldberger is chief digital officer and president of Target.com at Target, and a member of its leadership team. In these roles, Jason is responsible for enhancing digital experiences and ...
about Jason Goldberger
Stephanie Lundquist
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Stephanie Lundquist is executive vice president and chief human resources officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team ...
about Stephanie Lundquist
Janna Potts
Executive Vice President and Chief Stores Officer
Janna Potts is executive vice president, chief stores officer for Target and a member of its leadership team. In this role, she is responsible for leading more than 300,000 team members ...
about Janna Potts
Cathy R. Smith
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Cathy Smith is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. Her responsibilities include Treasury and Tax; Internal and External Financial ...
about Cathy R. Smith
Laysha L. Ward
Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Social Responsibility Officer
Laysha Ward is executive vice president and chief corporate social responsibility officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. She leads Target’s commitment to integrate corporate ...
about Laysha L. Ward
John J. Mulligan
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
John Mulligan is executive vice president and chief operating officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. His responsibilities include stores, Target’s global supply chain, merchandising ...
about John J. Mulligan
Casey Carl
Casey Carl is chief strategy and innovation officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. He is responsible for overseeing enterprise strategy, innovation, data analytics and business ...
about Casey Carl
Jeffrey J. Jones II
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Jeff Jones is executive vice president and chief marketing officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. His areas of responsibility include corporate communications and public relations, ...
about Jeffrey J. Jones II
Michael E. McNamara
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Mike McNamara is executive vice president and chief information officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. He has oversight of the Target technology team and the long-term information ...
about Michael E. McNamara
Jackie Hourigan Rice
Executive Vice President and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer
Jackie Rice is executive vice president and chief risk and compliance officer for Target, and a member of its executive leadership team. She is responsible for the centralized oversight of enterprise risk management ...
about Jackie Hourigan Rice
Mark Tritton
Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer
Mark Tritton is executive vice president and chief merchandising officer for Target and a member of its executive leadership team. His responsibilities include overseeing all of Target’s enterprise buying, sourcing, product design and ...
about Mark Tritton
Target Names Ben Cook Senior Vice President, Global Logistics, Inventory Allocation and Replenishment
Target Names Don Liu as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel
Patricia Adams
Executive Vice President, Merchandising Product Group
Aaron Alt
Senior Vice President, Grocery Transformation
Kristi Argyilan
Senior Vice President, Media and Guest Engagement
David Best
Senior Vice President, Merchandising Planning, Hardlines and Essentials
Dawn Block
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Essentials and Beauty
Karl Bracken
Senior Vice President, Supply Chain Transformation
John Butcher
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Beauty and Dermstore
Anahita Cameron
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Kelly Caruso
President, Target Sourcing Services
Keith Colbourn
Senior Vice President, Loyalty and Lifecycle Marketing
Joe Contrucci
Senior Vice President, Stores
Tony Costanzo
Senior Vice President, Stores
Tim Curoe
Senior Vice President, Talent and Organizational Effectiveness
Anne Dament
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Grocery
Paritosh Desai
Senior Vice President, Enterprise Data, Analytics and Business Intelligence
Michael Fiddelke
Senior Vice President, Financial Planning Analysis
Juan Galarraga
Senior Vice President, Store Operations
Jamil Ghani
Senior Vice President, Enterprise Strategy and Innovation
Rick Gomez
Senior Vice President, Brand and Category Marketing
Julie Guggemos
Senior Vice President, Product Design and Development
Anu Gupta
Senior Vice President, Operational Excellence
Corey Haaland
Senior Vice President, Treasurer
Robert Harrison
Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Christina Hennington
Senior Vice President, Merchandising Transformation and Operations
Cynthia Ho
Senior Vice President, Target Sourcing Services
Yu-Ping Kao
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Pay and Benefits
Tom Kadlec
Senior Vice President, Infrastructure and Operations
Navneet Kapoor
President and Managing Director, Target India
Scott Kennedy
President, Target Financial and Retail Services
Carson Landsgard
Senior Vice President, Distribution
Rodney Lastinger
Senior Vice President, Stores
Stephanie Lucy
Senior Vice President, Merchandise Planning, Apparel and Accessories
Brad Maiorino
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer
Scott Nygaard
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Hardlines
Tammy Redpath
Senior Vice President, Creative and Marketing Operations
Jill Sando
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Home
Mark Schindele
Senior Vice President, Target Properties
Samir Shah
Senior Vice President, Stores
Dustee Tucker Jenkins
Senior Vice President, Communications
Arthur Valdez
Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain and Logistics Officer
Todd Waterbury
Senior Vice President and Chief Creative Officer
Michelle Wlazlo
Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Apparel and Accessories
Vine