BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Careers - Meet Our Associates


BD Diagnostics - Preanalytical Systems Global Business Development Manager
Christina
Corporate Strategy and Development Manager
Brian
Principal Engineer in BD Medical - Medical Surgical Systems
Molly
Basic Support Team Leader
Hector
Program Manager
Conrad
Senior Market Segment Leader
Mohan
Sterilization Specialist
Glen
Associate Director of Medical Surgical
Rita
Olawole
Stefanie
Lei
Dipti
Christina Northwestern University, B.S. in Chemical Engineering; Kellogg School of Management, MBA/MEM BD Diagnostics - Preanalytical Systems Global Business Development Manager
I joined BD because I agreed with the purpose and goals of the company, and I felt that it was a place where I could have immediate impact and grow in my career. I am a business development manager in Preanalytical Systems.  I am responsible for seeking and bringing into BD new technology, product and service opportunities that will increase revenue growth for the unit. I enjoy business development because I am able to use my background in science and business to identify new technologies that could provide innovative solutions for people to live healthy lives.  An important component of my job is to be aware of the latest and greatest innovations while simultaneously discerning whether or not there is a strategic business opportunity for the innovation.  This is an exciting and challenging task which I enjoy immensely. Outside of work, I enjoy playing sports, mentoring youth, and spending time with my husband and daughter.
Brian UC-San Diego, B.S. in Biochemistry; Kellogg School of Management, MBA Corporate Strategy and Development Manager
I currently work as a Manager in the Corporate Strategy and Development group. The role was extremely attractive to me because it provides me with the opportunity to work with many different groups across the organization and to apply the skills I developed in business school. On a weekly basis, I wear “different hats” as I work on a number of assignments that deal with M&A, investments, licensing deals, and internal strategy consulting. In my first few months in this role, I was able to interact with people from all three business segments, and I was able to contribute to a number of business-critical projects. I could not be more pleased with my decision to join BD. I feel like I have found the perfect fit and I look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. 
Molly Brown University, ScB in Bio-Mechanical Engineering; Duke University, Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering Materials Science Principal Engineer in BD Medical - Medical Surgical Systems, member of the Technology Leadership Development Program
I learned about BD through an information session on campus at Duke. I had used BD products in the lab but had not known about the opportunities available for careers at BD.  I joined BD because both the company values and the position were in line with what I wanted in a career. I wanted to work for a company that had an interest in making society better, both locally and globally. As a medical technology company, the impact of the work you do at BD is large. We don’t produce a thousand devices; we produce tens of millions of them, so the opportunity to make an impact is great.  My role at BD is as a Principal Engineer in Advanced Concept Development. This means that I work at the front-end of product development, generating new ideas, determining products the customer will want next or finding unmet clinical needs that can be addressed. I am involved in all parts of the concept stage, from R&D to marketing to intellectual property. The thing I like most about my role at BD is that it is different day-to-day. One day I might be reading patents and the next I might be looking at BD’s sales from previous years to determine a market size.  When I’m not working, I like to cook and try to find time to read, but most of my time is spent working on my house, doing fun things like painting, hanging pictures or planting trees.
Hector Basic Support Team Leader UPIICSA, Mexico, B.S. in Information Science; ITESM, Mexico, Diplomat degree, digital telecommunications; Steven's Institute of Technology, Hoboken, N.J., M.S. in Information Systems
When I later learned of the opportunities at BD in my field of study, I felt working at this company would be a great chance for me to do the work I know and enjoy. I joined BD as a Senior SAP Basis Administrator.
Conrad Program Manager Washington and Lee University, B.A. in Economics, Rider University, MBA
I had known about BD for years, although I was not aware of the breadth of BD's product offerings. I was contacted by a recruiter for the position I currently hold. I was very interested in the particular job opportunity I was offered, but I really decided to join BD because I was impressed with the diversity of people and culture I came in contact with during my interview process.
I was hired as a Program Manager for Anesthesia Systems two years ago and I am still in that position, although my day-to-day responsibilities have changed.
Mohan Senior Market Segment Leader Birla Institute of Technology and Science in India, M.Sc. (Hons.) (Chemistry)
I learned about BD from the director of a well-known medical school in Dehli, India, whose first stethoscope as a medical student, which was made by BD, was hanging proudly as a trophy in his living room. BD began operations in India in 1989, and I felt my career growth would be enhanced with an internationally known company. I was the third associate hired at BD in India and was responsible for Quantitative Buffy Coat (QBC) as Business Manager of Primary Care Diagnostics.
In my present position as Senior Market Segment Team Leader, I enjoy the freedom the position allows to operate and deliver the results expected of me. I am most proud of our team's development and introduction of a new needle product for Asia.
Glen Sterilization Specialist Florida State University, B.S. in Physics/Mathematics
I became familiar with BD because I previously worked with a company that did business with it. I accepted the position of Sterilization Specialist because I wanted to work for a reputable company. What I like most about my job, and BD as an employer, is working with great people every day.
One accomplishment I am most proud of is serving as a business unit representative and team member for a successful start-up of a new sterilization facility.
Rita Associate Medical Director of BD Medical Medical Surgical Systems Received medical degree in Brazil; completed residencies (general practitioner and endocrinology); special studies in pharmaceutical medicine and business administration; Masters degree in neuroendocrinology.
As a physician, I knew of BD products. They have always been synonymous with quality and innovation. Before joining BD, I was working for a pharmaceutical company in So Paolo, Brazil. When a headhunter approached me about working for BD, I jumped at the chance. I loved the idea of working for BD for several reasons: first, the position offered a wonderful challenge, namely to be the first medical director in the South Latin America (SLA) Region. I would also have the opportunity to initiate projects and understand the practices of other countries. I became the Regional Medical Director of SLA in 2004 and came to Franklin Lakes in 2007 as Associate Medical Director in BD Medical - Medical Surgical Systems, where I am today.
I love to help people, which, as a physician, is so important to my life. Because BD is a global company, every time we solve a problem or work on an innovative idea, we are effectively helping people all over the world to live healthy lives. I feel great about that! I am very proud of my work as a member of the Platform Team Medical Affairs group as well as a Core Team Medical Affairs member in Global Product Development Systems projects. I feel that through my work on these teams I am really helping patients as well as healthcare workers. There is much opportunity to continue learning and for growth. In my free time, I like to keep up with cultural events and I love to sing.
Olawole Rutgers University/NJIT, B.A. in Information Systems Information Technology Leadership Program - SAP BW Presentation Developer
I am a member of the ITLP. In my first rotation, I am a SAP Business Warehouse Presentation Developer. I create, maintain and support our Business Intelligence reporting tools and systems. My job allows me to learn about the technical and business aspects of the Business Intelligence and Data Management group. It also gives me the opportunity to work with business analysts, partners and stakeholders. My job allows me to work on value-added activities and solutions. When I am not working, I like reading and assistant coaching youth basketball teams.
I am now a part of the Manufacturing Development Program, a three-year rotational program that exposes entry-level engineers to a variety of work assignments in manufacturing, quality, and research and development.  Each year, participants rotate into new positions at different BD locations, gaining diverse experiences and developing professionally.  I am currently in my first rotation of the program, working as a Manufacturing Support Engineer in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey.  In this role, I am helping to support the operations of BD’s Diabetes Care facilities worldwide.  I have been exposed to the mold validation process, helped in resolving quality issues, and worked closely on cross-functional teams.  In my future rotations, I will likely get hands-on experiences in high-and-low volume manufacturing, learn to implement different continuous improvement strategies, and manage several different projects.  Being just out of college, I am excited about being able to experience so many different aspects of engineering in just a few years.  In my spare time, I enjoy running, hiking, and being an active alumnae and Regional Field Director of my sorority.
© 2016 BD. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise noted, BD, the BD Logo and all other trademarks are property of Becton, Dickinson and Company.