Bios for Thrivent Executive Management | Board of Directors


Being Wise With Money
Find a Financial Representative
Read short biographies of our executive leadership team and board of directors. You can find a link to each leader's full biography and a high-resolution image below the leader's short biography.
Executive Management
Bradford L. Hewitt
Chief Executive Officer
Brad Hewitt serves as chief executive officer of Thrivent Financial, the country's largest fraternal benefit society. A Fortune 500 organization, Thrivent is leading a nationwide movement of Christians and their communities to be wise with money and live generously. It is one of the 10 largest mutual companies in the U.S., serves more than 2.3 million members nationwide and manages more than $100 billion in assets.
Randy Boushek
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Randy Boushek oversees all corporate financial services at Thrivent Financial, including the accounting, tax and actuarial functions. Randy joined the organization in 1981 as an associate actuary. After holding a variety of positions in the organization, he was named senior vice president and chief investment officer in 1999. He became senior vice president and treasurer in 2002 and was appointed to his current position in 2004 .
Paul R. Johnston
General Counsel & Secretary
Paul Johnston is general counsel and secretary of Thrivent Financial. In this role, Johnston leads more than 200 professionals in the society's legal, compliance, corporate governance, privacy, corporate security, business resilience and organizational training functions. He previously served as a vice president and deputy general counsel at Thrivent.
Christopher Kopka
President, Thrivent Church Solutions Group
Christopher Kopka is president of Thrivent Church Solutions Group. In this role, Kopka leads Thrivent's church-related businesses and functions, which presently reach over 30,000 churches through products and services provided by Thrivent and partner organizations. He is also the senior vice president for Mergers, Acquisitions & Strategic Partnerships.
Teresa J. Rasmussen
President, Thrivent Financial
Teresa J. Rasmussen is president of Thrivent Financial's core fraternal business unit. She is responsible for the organization's focus on delivering strong membership and sales results that guide people to be wise with money and live generously. Prior to this appointment, Rasmussen served as senior vice president, general counsel and secretary, where she led more than 230 professionals in the corporate risk management and external affairs departments.
Susan Oberman Smith
Chief Actuary
Susan Oberman Smith serves as chief actuary and vice president of Product Development and Management for Thrivent Financial. In this role, she manages the design, development and inforce management of all products, is responsible for value-added reporting and performance analysis, and provides actuarial oversight and review of financial decisions.
Russell W. Swansen
Russell Swansen oversees all investments at Thrivent Financial, including mutual funds, variable products and the general account. His responsibilities include president of Thrivent Asset Management, and trustee of the Thrivent Mutual Funds and the Thrivent Series Funds.
James A. Thomsen
President, Thrivent Holdings
As president of Thrivent Holdings, Jim Thomsen provides strategic direction and leadership to Thrivent Financial's subsidiaries and affiliates including: Thrivent Mutual Funds, Thrivent Federal Credit Union, cuLearn, brightpeak financial, Thrivent Independent and the InFaith Community Foundation. These independent entities share Thrivent's mission of helping more Christians be wise with money and live generously. In this role, Thomsen is responsible for the acquisition and development of ventures to better serve Christian communities.
Terry Timm
Terry Timm is chief administrative officer at Thrivent Financial. In this role, Timm oversees a broad operations function which includes Information Technology, Human Resources, Corporate Affairs and Brand, Procurement and Property Management, Project Management, and Life and Annuity Operations.
Brad Hewitt
Board Member and CEO
Brad joined Thrivent in 2003. In November 2008, he was promoted to COO, and in 2010 was named president and CEO. Brad serves on several boards, including Habitat for Humanity International and the American Council of Life Insurers.
N. Cornell Boggs
Boggs has been a member of the Thrivent Financial Board of Directors since December 2013. He serves as a member of the Governance and Strategic Oversight and Marketing committees. He is currently senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for Dow Corning Corporation.
Kenneth A. Carow
Ken was elected to the board of directors effective February 2013. He serves on the Audit and Finance committees. Ken is the associate dean for Indianapolis Research and Programs at Indiana University's Kelley School of Business.
Eric J. Draut
Eric was elected to the board of directors effective February 2015. He serves as a member of the Finance and Audit Committees. Eric most recently served as executive vice president and CFO for Unitrin (now Kemper Corporation), a financial services holding company.
Kirk Farney
Kirk Farney, Hinsdale, Illinois, was appointed to the Thrivent Financial Board of Directors in August 2011. He serves on the Finance Committee and Governance Committee of the board.
Mark A. Jeske
Mark was appointed to the board in May 2011. He serves on the Human Resource and Strategic Oversight and Marketing committees. Since 1980, Mark has served as senior pastor of St. Marcus Lutheran Church in Milwaukee.
Frederick G. Kraegel
Fred has been a board member since August 2008. He serves as chair of the Strategic Oversight and Marketing Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. He currently serves as a managing director with Parham Partners LLC, a financial advisory firm.
F. Mark Kuhlmann
Mark has been a member of the board since February 2006. He serves as chair of the Governance Committee and a member of the Strategic Oversight and Marketing Committee. Mark most recently served as legal counsel for Systems Service Enterprises, Inc., an information technology service business based in St. Louis, Missouri.
Kathryn V. Marinello
Kathryn has been a member of the Thrivent Financial Board of Directors since August 2014. She serves as a member of the Finance and Human Resources committees. She is currently a senior advisor for Ares Management. Kathryn also serves on the boards of General Motors and Volvo.
Frank H. (Dick) Moeller
Dick has served on the board since 2005. He leads the board of directors as its chair. Dick currently serves as founding principal of Enovate Enterprises, LLC, a consulting firm focused on assisting entrepreneurs, founders, companies and organizations to achieve their full potential.
Bonnie E. Raquet
Bonnie has been a board member since 2010. She currently serves as the chair of the Human Resource Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. Prior to her retirement in 2011, Bonnie served as Cargill's corporate vice president, corporate affairs.
Alice M. Richter
Alice has been a member of the board since May 2007. She serves as the chair of the Audit Committee and serves as a member of the Strategic Oversight and Marketing Committee. Alice, a retired certified public accountant, spent her entire career with KPMG LLP, a global financial and accounting services firm.
James H. Scott
James was appointed to the board in 2006 and subsequently elected to the board in 2008. He serves as the chair of the Finance Committee and as a member of the Governance Committee. Until July 2013, James served as the CFO of Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia.
Allan R. Spies
Allan has served on the board of directors since 2005. He currently serves as a member of the Human Resource and Strategic Oversight and Marketing committees. He is considered a "financial expert" as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 – an act passed by Congress to improve disclosure accuracy and protect investors from possible corporate and accounting fraud. Allan also currently serves on the boards of directors of a number of private, public and nonprofit organizations.
Thrivent Financial Board of Directors (or name a specific director) Office of the Corporate Secretary 625 Fourth Ave. S. Minneapolis, MN 55415
The corporate secretary will collect the letters and forward them to the chair of the board or to a specific director if named.* Letters on the following topics will be forwarded as indicated:
* Thrivent will initially receive and process communications before forwarding them to the addressee. Communications may also be referred to other departments within Thrivent if applicable. We generally will not forward to the board any communication that is primarily commercial in nature, that relates to an improper or irrelevant topic or that requests general information about Thrivent.
Find a Financial Representative:
Find a Financial Rep
Find a financial representative near you
Get the financial guidance that's right for you. Enter your ZIP Code to find a Financial Representative in your local area.
Find a Financial Rep
FINRA's BrokerCheck
4321 N. Ballard Rd. Appleton, WI 54919-0001 USA
Member Leader Resources
Insurance products issued or offered by Thrivent Financial, the marketing name for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans, Appleton, WI. Not all products are available in all states. Products issued by Thrivent Financial are available to applicants who meet membership, insurability, U.S. citizenship and residency requirements. Securities and investment advisory services are offered through Thrivent Investment Management Inc., 625 Fourth Ave. S., Minneapolis, MN 55415, a and member and a wholly owned subsidiary of Thrivent. Thrivent Financial representatives are registered representatives of Thrivent Investment Management Inc. They are also licensed insurance agents/producers of Thrivent. Fee-based investment advisory services are available through qualified investment advisor representatives only.
Trust and investment management accounts and services offered by Thrivent Trust Company are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, are not deposits or other obligations of, nor guaranteed by Thrivent Trust Company or its affiliates, and are subject to investment risk, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.