
Please upgrade your browser.,  Ameren Corporate Home About Ameren Media Careers Contact Us Customers Ameren Illinois Ameren Missouri Ameren Transmission | Communities Educators/Students Corporate Charitable Trust Corporate Diversity Reliability Safety Outage Center Trees & Your Service Community Development Services Illinois Community Members Missouri Community Members | Investors Financial News Webcasts & Presentations Proxy Materials Online Account Access Overview of Services Dividend Reinvestment (DRPlus) Automatic Cash Investment Stock Transfer Requirements Direct Deposit of Dividends Contact Us Stock Quote & Chart Historical Price Lookup Dividend History Annual Reports SEC Filings Fundamentals Earnings Estimates Documents and Charters Board of Directors Executive Leadership Team | Business Partners Account & Data Management Construction & Facilities Economic Development Property Management Real Estate Supplier Resources | Environment Renewable Energy Solar Energy Electric Vehicles Protecting Air Managing CCRs Protecting Water Climate Change Protecting Wildlife Waste Disposal | Sustainability Corporate Social Responsibility Sustainability Principles Employee Sustainability Material Recycling & Reuse Green Business Challenge Carbon Disclosure Project Quick Launch About Us Ameren Facts & Figures Executive Leadership Vision, Mission & Values About Ameren Illinois About Ameren Missouri Service Territory Rates & Regulatory Our Businesses Video Library Ameren's Executive Leadership View our Board of Directors and Corporate Officers. (more) Warner L. Baxter Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation Warner Baxter is chairman, president and chief executive officer of St. Louis-based Ameren Corporation, parent company of rate-regulated utilities that serve more than 2.4 million electric and nearly 900,000 natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri. (more) Richard J. Mark Ameren Illinois Chairman and President Richard J. Mark is chairman and president of Ameren Illinois Company. He is responsible for electric and natural gas distribution to more than 1.2 million electric and 806,000 natural gas customers across three-quarters of the state of Illinois. (more) Michael L. Moehn Ameren Missouri Chairman and President Michael Moehn was elected chairman and president of Ameren Missouri on April 1, 2014. He is responsible for Missouri's largest energy provider in serving more than 1.2 million electric and natural gas customers. (more) Maureen A. Borkowski Chairman and President Ameren Transmission Company Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois Maureen A. Borkowski is chairman and president of Ameren Transmission Company (ATX) - a subsidiary dedicated to electric transmission infrastructure investment. In addition to leading the development of new transmission, she is also responsible (more) Mark Birk Ameren Senior Vice President Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight Mark Birk is senior vice president, Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight. Prior to assuming this position, he had served as senior vice president, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management since 2012, vice president of Power Operations (more) Fadi M. Diya Ameren Missouri Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer Fadi Diya is senior vice president and chief nuclear officer (CNO) for Ameren Missouri. Diya is responsible for all of Ameren Missouri's nuclear operations. (more) Mary P. Heger Ameren Services Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Mary P. Heger is senior vice president and chief information officer (CIO) for Ameren Services, a subsidiary of Ameren Corporation. She directs the staff responsible for all IT application development, infrastructure, networks and future business technologies. (more) Mark C. Lindgren Ameren Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications and Chief Human Resources Officer Mark C. Lindgren is vice president of Human Resources for Ameren where he directs the staff responsible for all Human Resources, Corporate Communications and Corporate Philanthropy. (more) Martin J. Lyons Ameren Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ameren Services Chairman and President Martin J. Lyons is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Ameren Corporation. In his current position, Lyons is responsible for corporate planning, risk management, financial accounting and reporting, tax planning and compliance, treasury and investor relations functions. (more) Gregory L. Nelson Ameren Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary Gregory L. Nelson is senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of Ameren, where he is responsible for the legal, federal legislative and security functions for the corporation. (more) Share  Copyright © 2016 Ameren Services Site Map Contact Us Legal & Privacy Statements Employee Log-in   Follow Us
Financial News,  Webcasts & Presentations,  Proxy Materials,  Online Account Access,  Overview of Services,  Dividend Reinvestment (DRPlus),  Automatic Cash Investment,  Stock Transfer Requirements,  Direct Deposit of Dividends,  Contact Us,  Stock Quote & Chart,  Historical Price Lookup,  Dividend History,  Annual Reports,  SEC Filings,  Fundamentals,  Earnings Estimates,  Documents and Charters,  Board of Directors,  Executive Leadership Team, 
Ameren Facts & Figures,  Executive Leadership,  Vision, Mission & Values,  About Ameren Illinois,  About Ameren Missouri,  Service Territory,  Rates & Regulatory,  Our Businesses,  Video Library, 
Warner Baxter is chairman, president and chief executive officer of St. Louis-based Ameren Corporation, parent company of rate-regulated utilities that serve more,  than 2.4 million electric and nearly 900,000 natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri. (more, )
Richard J. Mark is chairman and president of Ameren Illinois Company. He is responsible for electric and natural gas distribution to more,  than 1.2 million electric and 806,000 natural gas customers across three-quarters of the state of Illinois. (more, )
Michael Moehn was elected chairman and president of Ameren Missouri on April 1, 2014. He is responsible for Missouri's largest energy provider in serving more,  than 1.2 million electric and natural gas customers. (more, )
Maureen A. Borkowski is chairman and president of Ameren Transmission Company (ATX) - a subsidiary dedicated to electric transmission infrastructure investment. In addition to leading the development of new transmission, she is also responsible (more, )
Mark Birk is senior vice president, Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight. Prior to assuming this position, he had served as senior vice president, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management since 2012, vice president of Power Operations (more, )
Fadi Diya is senior vice president and chief nuclear officer (CNO) for Ameren Missouri. Diya is responsible for all of Ameren Missouri's nuclear operations. (more, )
Mary P. Heger is senior vice president and chief information officer (CIO) for Ameren Services, a subsidiary of Ameren Corporation. She directs the staff responsible for all IT application development, infrastructure, networks and future business technologies. (more, )
Mark C. Lindgren is vice president of Human Resources for Ameren where he directs the staff responsible for all Human Resources, Corporate Communications and Corporate Philanthropy. (more, )
Martin J. Lyons is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Ameren Corporation. In his current position, Lyons is responsible for corporate planning, risk management, financial accounting and reporting, tax planning and compliance, treasury and investor relations functions. (more, )
Gregory L. Nelson is senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of Ameren, where he is responsible for the legal, federal legislative and security functions for the corporation. (more, )
Ameren's Executive Leadership View our Board of Directors and Corporate Officers. (more) Warner L. Baxter Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation Warner Baxter is chairman, president and chief executive officer of St. Louis-based Ameren Corporation, parent company of rate-regulated utilities that serve more than 2.4 million electric and nearly 900,000 natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri. (more) Richard J. Mark Ameren Illinois Chairman and President Richard J. Mark is chairman and president of Ameren Illinois Company. He is responsible for electric and natural gas distribution to more than 1.2 million electric and 806,000 natural gas customers across three-quarters of the state of Illinois. (more) Michael L. Moehn Ameren Missouri Chairman and President Michael Moehn was elected chairman and president of Ameren Missouri on April 1, 2014. He is responsible for Missouri's largest energy provider in serving more than 1.2 million electric and natural gas customers. (more) Maureen A. Borkowski Chairman and President Ameren Transmission Company Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois Maureen A. Borkowski is chairman and president of Ameren Transmission Company (ATX) - a subsidiary dedicated to electric transmission infrastructure investment. In addition to leading the development of new transmission, she is also responsible (more) Mark Birk Ameren Senior Vice President Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight Mark Birk is senior vice president, Corporate Safety, Planning and Operations Oversight. Prior to assuming this position, he had served as senior vice president, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management since 2012, vice president of Power Operations (more) Fadi M. Diya Ameren Missouri Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer Fadi Diya is senior vice president and chief nuclear officer (CNO) for Ameren Missouri. Diya is responsible for all of Ameren Missouri's nuclear operations. (more) Mary P. Heger Ameren Services Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Mary P. Heger is senior vice president and chief information officer (CIO) for Ameren Services, a subsidiary of Ameren Corporation. She directs the staff responsible for all IT application development, infrastructure, networks and future business technologies. (more) Mark C. Lindgren Ameren Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications and Chief Human Resources Officer Mark C. Lindgren is vice president of Human Resources for Ameren where he directs the staff responsible for all Human Resources, Corporate Communications and Corporate Philanthropy. (more) Martin J. Lyons Ameren Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ameren Services Chairman and President Martin J. Lyons is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Ameren Corporation. In his current position, Lyons is responsible for corporate planning, risk management, financial accounting and reporting, tax planning and compliance, treasury and investor relations functions. (more) Gregory L. Nelson Ameren Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary Gregory L. Nelson is senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of Ameren, where he is responsible for the legal, federal legislative and security functions for the corporation. (more) Share , 
https://www.ameren.com/about/leadership