Senior Leadership Team


Potash
Rich Mack was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in June 2014. Rick N. McLellan is Senior Vice President, Commercial for The Mosaic Company.
Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer
James "Joc" C. O’Rourke is President and Chief Executive Officer of The Mosaic Company. Elected to the Mosaic Board of Directors in May 2015, O’Rourke succeeded Jim Prokopanko as the Company's President and CEO effective August 5, 2015. He is the third executive to lead the Company since Mosaic was founded in 2004. O'Rourke joined Mosaic as Executive Vice President – Operations in January 2009. He was promoted to Executive Vice President – Operations and Chief Operating Officer in August 2012. For more than six years, O’Rourke was responsible for Mosaic’s global mining and processing operations, supply chain, procurement, and environment, health and safety organizations. O’Rourke’s focus on employees, innovation and execution has propelled significant Company growth and expansions in potash and phosphate production. He has also led programs to improve operational efficiency, lower production costs and advance sustainability performance through water, energy and greenhouse gas emissions reductions. Prior to joining Mosaic, O'Rourke was President of Australia Pacific for Barrick Gold Corporation, the largest gold producer in Australia, where he was responsible for the Australia Pacific Business Unit consisting of 10 gold and copper mines in Australia and Papua New Guinea. O'Rourke has more than 25 years of experience in mining and processing operations, and has held various management, engineering and other roles in the mining industry in Canada and Australia. He holds a bachelor of science degree in mining and mineral engineering from the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada, and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France.
Bruce Bodine, Senior Vice President—Potash
Bruce Bodine was named Senior Vice President – Potash in June 2016. In his previous role as Vice President – Supply Chain, Bruce was responsible for the movement of raw materials and finished production, and strategic sourcing activities for Mosaic’s North American phosphate and potash segments; additionally, he oversaw fertilizer production in South America and China. Bruce began his career with Mosaic in 1999 as part of a predecessor company, holding engineering leadership and plant management positions in the Phosphates business segment before taking on the role of Vice President – Operations for Mosaic’s Esterhazy and Colonsay potash production facilities. Bruce holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Engineering from the University of Florida, and is an Executive MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University.
Mark J. Isaacson, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Mark Isaacson was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in August 2015. He was appointed Mosaic’s Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in August 2014. Isaacson joined Mosaic upon its formation in 2004 as its Chief Phosphates Counsel before being promoted to Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer in 2011—and then to Vice President, Acting General Counsel and Corporate Secretary role in June 2014. He has significant experience in compliance, commercial transactions, litigation and antitrust practice. Prior to joining Mosaic, Isaacson worked for 15 years at Cargill, Inc., where he served as Senior Attorney for a number of its business units. Isaacson holds bachelor’s degrees in accounting and political science from the University of North Dakota, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Minnesota. 
Richard L. Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Prior to that, he served as Mosaic's General Counsel and Corporate Secretary beginning at the company’s launch in 2004. He became Executive Vice President in 2009. In the decade prior to Mosaic's formation, he served in various legal capacities at Cargill, Inc., and was a founding executive of Mosaic and Cargill Ventures. Mack has significant experience in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and capital markets transactions, and is responsible for the creation of Streamsong Resort. He is a member of the Minnesota State Bar and the Florida Council of 100, and serves on the board of trustees at Hamline University. Mack holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Minnesota State University-Moorhead, a Juris Doctor from Hamline University School of Law and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Richard N. McLellan, Senior Vice President—Commercial
Previously he held several roles for the company, including Vice President, North American Sales and Country Manager for Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil. Before serving as Country Manager, McLellan had leadership responsibility for fertilizer distribution, import and production in Brazil. Prior to the formation of Mosaic, he held various roles in Cargill, Inc.'s Canadian and U.S. operations, including grain, retail and wholesale fertilizer distribution. McLellan began his career in Ontario, Canada, with American Cyanamid in 1978. He is a graduate of Brock University, St. Catharine's, Ontario.
Walter F. Precourt III, Senior Vice President—Phosphates
Walt Precourt was named Senior Vice President – Phosphates in June 2016. Precourt joined Mosaic in 2009, leading the Environment, Health and Safety organization before his promotion to Senior Vice President – Potash Operations in 2012. Prior to joining Mosaic, Precourt joined cement and mineral component producer Holcim (U.S.) to lead its safety transformation, later becoming Holcim’s Vice President of Environment and Government Affairs. Precourt started his career at The Dow Chemical Company where he served in a variety of roles in Operations, Technology, Capital Project Management, and Environmental, Health and Safety. Precourt earned his B.S. in Civil Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute, his M.S. in Environmental and Water Resources Engineering from Vanderbilt University, and his MBA from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill.
Corrine D. Ricard, Senior Vice President—Human Resources
Corrine Ricard was named Senior Vice President, Human Resources in April 2012 and currently oversees the Human Resources and Global Information Technology functions. Previously, Ricard held leadership positions at Mosaic including Vice President of International Sales and Distribution, Vice President of Business Development and Vice President of Supply Chain and Risk Management. Ricard has more than 30 years of agriculture experience. Prior to Mosaic, Ricard worked for Cargill in various roles including, risk management, supply chain, treasury and commodity trading. She serves on the board of directors for the Ma’aden Wa’ad Al Shamal Phosphate Company, a phosphate production joint venture in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in which Mosaic has a 25 percent interest, Carlisle Companies, a publically traded company, DayBreak Foods, a privately held company, and the Freshwater Society. Ricard is also a member of C200, Women Corporate Directors, and the Minnesota Women's Economic Roundtable. Ricard earned her bachelor’s degree in finance at the University of Minnesota, an MBA in strategic planning from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota, and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.