
Home,  Careers,  Business Services & Solutions,  Supplier Resources Workforce Resources Procurement Resources Supplier Diversity Supplier Registration Newsletter About Us Company Overview Corporate Social Responsibility Press Room Investor Relations Investor Relations Home,  Press Releases Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage Contact Us
About Us,  Company Overview Corporate Social Responsibility Press Room Investor Relations Investor Relations Home Press Releases Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Company Overview,  Corporate Social Responsibility,  Press Room,  Investor Relations Investor Relations Home Press Releases Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Investor Relations,  Investor Relations,  Home Press Releases Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Investor Relations Home,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Stock Information,  Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Historic Stock Lookup,  Investment Calculator,  Dividend Reinvestment,  Analyst Coverage, 
Home Careers Business Services & Solutions Supplier Resources Workforce Resources Procurement Resources Supplier Diversity Supplier Registration Newsletter About Us Company Overview Corporate Social Responsibility Press Room Investor Relations Investor Relations Home Press Releases Events & Presentations Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage Contact Us, 
Investor Relations Home,  Press Releases,  Events & Presentations,  Corporate Governance Management Board of Directors Financials & Filings SEC Filings Annual Reports Quarterly Results Key Ratios Financial Statements Stock Information Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Stock Information,  Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Dividend Reinvestment Analyst Coverage
Historic Stock Lookup,  Investment Calculator,  Dividend Reinvestment,  Analyst Coverage, 
Show all,  President and Chief Executive Officer Carl T. Camden President and Chief Executive Officer As president and chief executive officer of Kelly Services®, Carl Camden is a recognized thought leader on talent management and how companies can adapt to succeed in the changing economic landscape. In his role at Kelly Services – which serves 97 percent of the Fortune 100 companies – Carl regularly consults with leaders of many of the largest, best-known corporations in the world, providing insight into labor trends and advising on flexible workforce strategies. His company’s solutions and his clients’ needs span the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA, and Carl is a frequent speaker at international conferences on human resource strategies, leadership, and changing labor dynamics. His varied educational and professional background gives him a unique perspective on the changing world of work. With three degrees (including a PhD) by the age of 25, Carl has been a marketing executive for a bank holding company; co-president of an advertising agency; co-founder of a behavioral research group; and a tenured university professor. He is frequently invited to speak to students and faculty at business schools throughout the U.S. Carl is a member of The Committee for Economic Development (CED), a nonprofit, nonpartisan, business-led, public policy organization. In 2015, the CED combined with The Conference Board, a nonprofit business membership and research group organization, and Carl has since served on the board of trustees for The Conference Board. He is a member of the Business Roundtable, an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies. He also serves as a director of Temp Holdings, Co., Ltd. (“THD”), one of the largest staffing firms in Japan and the Asia Pacific market. Previously Carl served on the board of directors for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Detroit Branch, the Labor Advisory Council for the Federal Reserve Bank, the Advisory Committee on Employee Welfare and Pension Benefits (ERISA Advisory Council), the board of visitors of Duke University Fuqua School of Business, the board of trustees for the University of Detroit Mercy, and the board of directors for the Detroit Regional Chamber. Carl is well-known for being a passionate advocate for the free agent workforce. He has served on the American Staffing Association’s board of directors, and received awards from international workforce agencies for his significant contributions to improving the workforce development system. Carl has been featured in Business Week, The New York Times, Huffington Post, Bloomberg, and numerous other media on topics ranging from labor force dynamics to health care reform to leadership in an increasingly global business climate. Executive Vice Presidents George S. Corona Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer George Corona is executive vice president and chief operating officer for Kelly Services, Inc., (NASDAQ: KELYA, KELYB).  Kelly® is a leader in providing workforce solutions.  Promoted to his current position in 2009, Mr. Corona is responsible for all of Kelly’s regions and operating units, including the Americas, APAC, EMEA, the Centers of Excellence (CoE), and the Outsourcing and Consulting Group.  He also has responsibility for the following global organizations: Solutions, IT, Service and Marketing. In 2007, Mr. Corona served as executive vice president responsible for the operations, administration, and finance of commercial, professional and technical staffing in the Americas region.  In 2005, Mr. Corona became senior vice president and general manager for the U.S. Commercial segment, where he was responsible for the business operations of more than 1,100 offices across the United States.  Mr. Corona joined Kelly in 1994 as an area manager in Kelly’s Midwest region.  He was promoted to vice president and regional manager in the Middle Markets Division, and later became senior vice president and general manager of Middle Markets in 2000.  Prior to joining Kelly, Mr. Corona held management roles at Digital Equipment Professional Services Group and Burroughs Corporation. Mr. Corona holds a master’s degree in business administration from Oakland University and a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Wayne State University. Senior Vice Presidents Steve S. Armstrong General Manager, U.S. Operations James Bradley Outsourcing and Consulting Group Teresa S. Carroll Centers of Excellence and General Manager, Outsourcing & Consulting Group Carolyn Palmer Global Marketing Peter W. Quigley General Counsel, Assistant Secretary and Chief Administrative Officer Nina M. Ramsey Chief Human Resources Officer Natalia Shuman General Manager, EMEA and APAC Regions, Chief Operating Officer, North Asia Judy Snyder Chief Information Officer Olivier Thirot Chief Financial Officer Debra Thorpe Strategic Account Operations
Carl T. Camden,  President and Chief Executive Officer
George S. Corona,  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Steve S. Armstrong,  General Manager, U.S. Operations
James Bradley,  Outsourcing and Consulting Group
Teresa S. Carroll,  Centers of Excellence and General Manager, Outsourcing & Consulting Group
Carolyn Palmer,  Global Marketing
Peter W. Quigley,  General Counsel, Assistant Secretary and Chief Administrative Officer
Nina M. Ramsey,  Chief Human Resources Officer
Natalia Shuman,  General Manager, EMEA and APAC Regions, Chief Operating Officer, North Asia
Judy Snyder,  Chief Information Officer
Olivier Thirot,  Chief Financial Officer
Debra Thorpe,  Strategic Account Operations
http://ir.kellyservices.com/management.cfm