Executive Leadership Team - NCR: World Leader In Consumer Transaction Technologies


Executive Leadership Team
Interactive Printer Solutions
Executive Leadership Team
Executive Leadership Team
Bill Nuti
President, CEO and Chairman
Executive Officer
Bill Nuti is President, CEO and Chairman of NCR Corporation. NCR is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, enabling more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. Bill is highly respected for his leadership skills and acclaimed for his vision and expertise in transforming and reinventing companies for sustainable and profitable growth.
Bob Fishman
Executive Officer
Bob Fishman is Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer reporting directly to Bill Nuti. His last role was Vice President and Corporate Controller for NCR.
Bob has been with NCR for 16 years and has held a number of financial positions including Corporate Controller, Assistant Controller, Vice President Corporate Planning, CFO of Payment Solutions, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions, and Director of EMEA Planning and Pricing.
Rick Marquardt
Executive Officer
Rick Marquardt is EVP, Services, Hardware Solutions and Enterprise Quality. NCR Services is comprised of more than 11,000 service professionals serving customers on a 24x7x365 basis in more than 90 countries around the world. Marquardt is responsible for all of NCR’s global support services including its outsourced and managed service offerings as well as service delivery and service enablement across NCR’s target industries and markets.
Andrea Ledford
Executive Officer
Andrea Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office and Chief Human Resources Officer for NCR Corporation. She oversees critical functions that drive change management and support NCR’s corporate strategy as a hardware-enabled, software-driven business. Her global responsibilities include Corporate Marketing and Public Affairs, Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, Global Security, Aviation and Human Resources. Prior to this position, Ledford served as NCR’s vice president of Human Resources for the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
Michael Bayer
SVP, President, NCR Retail
Executive Officer
As SVP, President, NCR Retail, Michael Bayer is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global retail markets.
Paul Langenbahn
SVP & President, Hospitality
As Senior Vice President and President of the NCR Hospitality and Travel Division, Paul Langenbahn is responsible for the strategy, thought leadership, go to market, and innovation behind NCR’s hardware-enabled, software-driven solutions for global hospitality and travel markets. Prior to becoming Division President in 2014, Langenbahn served as Vice President, global sales, marketing, and services from 2011-2014.
Andrew S. Heyman
SVP, President, NCR Financial Services
Executive Officer
Mr. Heyman currently serves as SVP, President, NCR Financial Services for NCR Corporation. Heyman leads NCR’s global Financial Services business, including global product management, solution development, sales and marketing, customer support, and global account management.
Edward Gallagher
SVP, General Counsel and Secretary
Executive Officer
Edward Gallagher is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NCR Corporation.  Since joining NCR in 1992, Ed has served in a number of leadership positions including head of the company’s Litigation & Employment Law Group, Chief Counsel for the Systemedia Division and Chief Counsel of the Year 2000 Group.
Ruth Fornell
Ruth Fornell is Senior Vice President of Global Professional Services for NCR Corporation. In this role, she leads a team of 3,000+ professionals and is responsible for professional services consultants and delivering technical and business consulting services worldwide. Fornell also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti.
J. Robert Ciminera
As Senior Vice President of Hardware Product Operations at NCR Inc., Bob Ciminera is responsible for NCR’s Financial, Retail and Hospitality product portfolios. This includes engineering, product life cycle management, material supply chain, manufacturing, customer fulfillment and reverse logistics, as well as managing $4B of other corporate spend. In this capacity, he is responsible for driving more than $100M in cost improvement per year, while ensuring product innovation, product quality, on time customer delivery and high working capital efficiency.
Eli Rosner
SVP & Chief Technology Officer, Software Solutions
Eli Rosner is Senior Vice President & Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Software Solutions for NCR Corporation. In this role, he is accountable for the company’s strategy, formulation, development and cross-functional delivery of NCR’s software portfolio. Rosner also participates in the NCR Leadership Team led by NCR’s President, CEO and Chairman Bill Nuti.
William (Bill) T. VanCuren
SVP & Chief Information Officer
Bill VanCuren is Senior Vice president and CIO for NCR Corporation. Bill is a member of both the corporate leadership team and Chief Financial Office organizations.
His current assignment as the CIO has oversight over the full strategic IT portfolio, global networks and processing services for both internal and external customer managed services, and all workgroup collaborative and mobile computing. His role also includes information security and compliancy as well as SaaS datacenter strategy and rationalization.
DULUTH, Ga., July 27, 2016 – NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR), a global leader in omni-channel solutions, announces that is has been recognized for excellence by the United States Postal Service (USPS) through its Supplier Performance Award program. The award was presented on June 29 at the 20...
More Mobile Myths Debunked: What’s Keeping Restaurants from Implementing Mobile Guest Engagement in their Operations?
Previously, we explored some of the “myths” surrounding mobile guest engagement, and how these myths can sometimes impact operators’ strategies, particularly in rationalizing why they aren’t implementing a mobile guest engagement solution presently. After digging deeper, however, it...