Visteon Corporation: Leadership Team


Leadership Team
President's Letter
Analyst Coverage
   Leadership Team
    -President's Letter
Sachin Lawande
President and CEO
Lawande has a wealth of experience in developing embedded systems and software and holds four patents in communications software. He has a bachelor’s degree in electronics and telecommunications from Bombay University in India, and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville.
Sachin Lawande has been president and CEO of Visteon since June 29, 2015. He also serves on Visteon’s board of directors.
Most recently, Lawande served as president of the Infotainment Division of Harman International Industries since 2013 and as executive vice president since 2009. In his role as president of the Infotainment Division – the largest division of Harman with nearly $3 billion in annual sales – Lawande achieved double-digit sales and income growth while serving 11 of the top 15 vehicle manufacturers and leading more than 7,500 employees worldwide. Prior to that, Lawande served in various leadership roles at Harman including executive vice president (EVP) and president of the Lifestyle Division, EVP and co-president of the Automotive Division, EVP and chief technology officer and chief software architect. In these roles, Lawande was responsible for guiding software strategy, development partnerships, and key customer relationships.
Prior to joining Harman, Lawande held senior roles at QNX Software Systems and 3Com Corporation. Before joining QNX, he was responsible for the development of networking and consumer electronics systems at corporate giants such as AT&T Bell Labs, U.S. Robotics, and 3Com.
Sunil K. Bilolikar
Bilolikar has a bachelor’s degree in engineering (mechanical) from Osmania University, India; a master’s degree in engineering (industrial) from the University of Toronto, Canada; and a master’s degree in business administration from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Sunil Bilolikar leads Visteon’s global operations and procurement activities, including joint venture operations and supplier strategic partnerships. Responsible for driving operational excellence across Visteon’s 25 facilities in Europe, the Americas and Asia, he oversees all aspects of the supply chain including manufacturing, purchasing, logistics, product quality and operational technology. He leads an organization that employs approximately 7,000 employees, purchases over $2 billion in materials annually, and manufactures more than 250,000 end items each day.   
Bilolikar has extensive experience developing a global competitive manufacturing footprint driven by technology, employing lean manufacturing methodologies to achieve consistent class leading performance across all regions. Throughout his 27-year career with Visteon and Ford Motor Co., he has held several engineering and operations leadership positions in the U.S., Canada, India, Portugal and Germany.
Matthew M. Cole
Cole has a bachelor of science degree in engineering from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and a master’s degree in engineering management from the University of Michigan.
Matt Cole has global responsibility for the technical delivery for all customer programs and skills development for software, hardware, mechanical, electrical and systems engineering. 
Cole has approximately 24 years of automotive industry experience, including positions in manufacturing, product design, product planning and program management. His career has included various leadership assignments in five countries, most of which included the leadership of technical assets. In 2005 he was placed on international assignment in India to establish and manage two joint ventures. Following that assignment, he managed the Asia-Pacific engineering teams for Visteon’s electronics business and also was appointed general manager, Yanfeng Visteon Automotive Electronics for two years. 
After 19 years with Visteon, Cole joined Johnson Controls where, after one year as vice president of product management for the Electronics Group, he was appointed vice president, electronics engineering, based in Cergy, France. In that role, he helped transform the engineering organization from a regional to global structure, and enabled the development of infotainment and advanced products. He also participated with leadership in divesting Johnson Controls’ electronics business to Visteon in July 2014.
Steven Fitzgerald
Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Steven Fitzgerald is responsible for global human resources strategy and programs, including recruitment and development, compensation and benefits, labor relations and organizational structure. He joined Visteon in June 2016, bringing more than 28 years of technology, automotive and hospitality experience.
During his career, Fitzgerald has been responsible for a broad range of HR disciplines, including workforce planning, leadership development, talent management and succession planning, global inclusion and diversity, mergers and acquisitions, compensation and benefits, and labor relations. Before joining Visteon, he was vice president, human resources, for Avaya, a global communications technology firm based in New Jersey. Prior to that,  he was senior vice president, human resources, at Vail Resorts, one of the world’s premier hospitality companies. He previously led global talent management at Sun Microsystems, following its acquisition of StorageTek, where he served as senior director of organizational learning and effectiveness. He started his career at Ford Motor Co., holding a variety of roles over a 14-year period in labor relations, startups, strategy and various operating disciplines.
Fitzgerald has bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Michigan State University.
Brett Pynnonen
Vice President and General Counsel
Pynnonen has a bachelor's degree in business administration from Western Michigan University, and a juris doctor from The Ohio State University. He is a member of the State Bar of Michigan.
Brett Pynnonen is responsible for Visteon’s global legal and compliance activities. He joined Visteon in March 2016 from Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation, a global automotive supplier based in Southfield, Michigan, where he was senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary. Prior to joining Federal-Mogul in 2007, Pynnonen was general counsel and secretary of Covansys Corporation, a publicly traded technology services company. Before that, he was an attorney at the law firm of Butzel Long, based in Detroit, Michigan, after beginning his legal career as a judicial law clerk to Michigan Supreme Court Justice Patricia J. Boyle. Pynnonen has more than 20 years of legal experience, including extensive experience in the automotive industry and internationally, with deep expertise in compliance and corporate transactions, as well as intellectual property strategy and risk management.
William M. Robertson
Interim Chief Financial Officer
Robertson has been with Visteon since 2000. His previous positions have included director, corporate finance; manager, corporate finance; and operations manager. Before joining Visteon, Robertson served as vehicle operations controller for Ford Motor Co.
William M. Robertson is vice president and corporate controller, and since March 31, 2016, has served as interim chief financial officer.
Markus Schupfner
Chief Technology Officer
Markus Schupfner leads Visteon’s global advanced technology development, especially in the areas of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2X), and autonomous driving, as well as product management of all Visteon products. Schupfner joined Visteon on April 1, 2016, bringing more than 20 years of experience leading software development for global automotive suppliers, primarily serving high-end vehicle manufacturers. He is based in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Schupfner previously was with Elektrobit Automotive GmbH, an international supplier of embedded software solutions and services, where since 2014 he had been executive vice president of operations, after serving four years as vice president of Elektrobit infotainment solutions. As head of operations at Elektrobit Automotive – recently acquired by Continental AG – Schupfner led innovation, product and service developments for human-machine interaction (HMI), driver assistance, navigation, system integration, connected car and electronic control unit (ECU) solutions. He achieved many successful product launches for high-end vehicle manufacturers and helped turn the company toward a lean development approach.
Before joining Elektrobit, Schupfner was vice president of navigation for the infotainment division of Harman International Industries, where he led product development and pre-development for high-end navigation. He previously held director-level roles during a 12-year career at Siemens VDO and Siemens, responsible for system architecture and technology development of high-end navigation systems for leading automakers.
Schupfner has obtained several patents for embedded navigation software. He has a degree in mathematics from the Technical University of Applied Sciences in Regensburg, Germany.
Robert I. Swanston
Bob Swanston leads all aspects of quality for Visteon’s global business, including product development, manufacturing and supplier quality activities. He is also responsible for product safety, quality management processes and compliance.
During his 32-year automotive career, Swanston has held various leadership positions in engineering, manufacturing and quality at Visteon and Ford. He was named Visteon’s vice president of quality for electronics in 2010, after serving for two years as global director, engineering services and quality, based in the UK. Prior to that, Swanston oversaw the global driver information product line and served as director of electronics engineering, based in Detroit, Michigan. He previously served as director, manufacturing and supply chain, telematics and multimedia systems, and was the plant manager of a 2,000-employee facility in Toronto, Canada.
As managing director of Visteon Engineering Services Ltd in the UK, Swanston leads the board of directors for that legal entity. He also serves on the board of directors of Visteon Finance Ltd., and served for several years on the board of directors for the Visteon Technical Services Center in Chennai, India.
Swanston has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Northumbria University in the UK, and a master’s degree in electronics and control systems from Wayne State University, U.S.
Robert R. Vallance
Vallance has a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Lawrence Technological University and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Michigan.
Bob Vallance leads the profitable growth of Visteon’s business. The customer business groups drive above-market growth of customer accounts across Visteon’s core product portfolio, by commercializing Visteon’s leading technology solutions focused on the cockpit electronics user experience.  Leveraging Visteon’s global footprint and capability, the customer business groups oversee program delivery from the time a vehicle manufacturer awards business to Visteon until the time the program launches, and maintain commercial responsibility through the program lifecycle. Vallance also oversees the strategic growth of Visteon’s joint ventures in China.
Vallance has 30 years of automotive experience. He rejoined Visteon in July 2014 with the company’s acquisition of Johnson Controls’ electronics business.  During his six years with Johnson Controls, Vallance held various positions in Asia and the U.S., ultimately leading the electronics business as group vice president and general manager. Prior to that, Vallance spent 23 years at Ford Motor Co. and Visteon in product development, program and commercial management, strategy and planning, product marketing and manufacturing.  He has worked in the U.S., the U.K. and China.
Timothy J. Yerdon
Tim Yerdon is responsible for developing and implementing Visteon’s global brand strategy and its marketing strategy for new and existing products. His role includes driving upstream commercial engagement through various customer experiences – all aimed at helping Visteon deliver an unmatched vehicle cockpit electronics user experience. He also leads communications with key Visteon stakeholders including customers, suppliers, partners and employees.
Leveraging his background in engineering and innovation, Yerdon fosters collaborative efforts with technology/industry partners and government agencies to advance growth beyond traditional automotive electronics into the Internet of Things. He oversees the planning and execution of more than 150 customer events each year – at automaker sites and Visteon design centers and product showrooms around the world.
Yerdon has more than 20 years of automotive experience and is an established innovation leader, developing several first-to-market vehicle and product concepts. Previously he led the design experience, advanced cockpit electronics, advanced driver awareness systems and the InnovationWorks® organization. He has held various positions in manufacturing, product development, program management and racing at both Visteon and Ford Motor Co.
Yerdon serves on the board of directors for the automotive electronics division of the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA), and chairs the MICHauto/Detroit Regional Chamber talent and retention committee. He is also co-inventor on several patents awarded or pending in manufacturing, powertrain, electronics and interiors. He has a master's degree in manufacturing systems from the University of Michigan and a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering technology from Penn State University.
Sitemap