Meet the Team


About The Principal
- Regional Managing Director
Brian Brandt, CLU, ChFC, CFP, CLF
Brian Brandt is Regional Managing Director of the Eastern Iowa Business Center of the Principal Financial Group. Brian joined The Principal in 2005 in his current role. He began his career in financial services as an Agent for Prudential in 1995 and had a successful two and a half years before commencing in management. He spent the first eight years of his career in the Chicago market before moving back to Iowa to raise his family. Brian is responsible for managing the leadership team, revenue growth and building a team of financial representatives.
A native of Northeast Iowa, Brian earned his bachelor's degree in economics from Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa. He has completed the Agency Management Training Course (AMTC), received his Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU), his Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC), and his Chartered Leadership Fellow (CLF) designations all from the American College. He became a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PROFESSIONAL (CFP) in 2000, the CFP Board of Standards.
Brian is an active member of NAIFA and GAMA. He is a nine-time qualifier for the GAMA Career Development Award. In 2010, he spoke at LAMP on the topic of effectively attracting and launching new financial advisors in rural markets. In 2013, he again presented at LAMP on Leadership of a financial services firm.
Brian is the past treasurer and current member of the Rotary Club of Cedar Rapids- Daybreak. He is a board member of the Young Parent Network nonprofit organization. He is a member and past Chairman of the Innovation Council on Community Development for the Cedar Rapids Metro Economic Alliance. He is a member of the United Way of East Central Iowa's T.M. Sinclair Society and Young Leaders Society. Brandt is a 2009 graduate of the Cedar Rapids Leadership for Five Season program.
Brian and his wife, Christy, have four sons.
FINRA's BrokerCheck
- Managing Director
Clint Hinderaker
 As a Managing Director, Clint is responsible for the growth of the financial professionals for the Eastern Iowa Business Center. Clint is dedicated to assisting his team to reach their career goals by helping them expand their markets and develop their skills to better serve clients. Clint began his career in the financial services industry in 2003 as a Financial Advisor.
Clint received his Bachelors of Art degrees in Finance/Management from the University of Iowa. Clint is active in his community; he is the President of the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA) Iowa City and is serving as Vice President for NAIFA Iowa. Clint believes in giving back to his community therefore volunteers for the Iowa Children’s Miracle Network and the Special Olympics Mid-Winter Games in Iowa City. He was a member of the 2001 Champion Alamo Bowl Iowa Hawkeye Football Team as a punter.
In his personal time, Clint enjoys sports, traveling and spending time with his wife and their 3 daughters. He and his wife, Rachel, grew up on farms only miles apart from each other in Radcliffe, IA.
FINRA's BrokerCheck
- Development Director
Jeff Ulferts, ChFC, CLF, LUTCF
Jeff has over 25 years of experience in the financial services industry. A graduate of the University of Iowa, he has also attained his LUTCF and CLF designations, and is a member of the local NAIFA chapter. As the Development Director, Jeff is responsible for professional development of the representatives in the Eastern Iowa Business Center. His role is focused on training and skill development of our new financial professionals. Jeff spends the majority of his time assisting our financial professionals on joint work, case consultation, coaching to build skills, knowledge and confidence building of his team.
- Operations Manager
Becky Helle
Becky began her career with the Principal Financial Group in 1992, after earning her degree from Mount Mercy College. She oversees operations of the Business Center, coordinating functions for the office and working closely with the management team. She assists with producer recruiting and selection, and ensures we deliver high level service to our producers, prospects and clients.
- Sales Support Specialist
Lisa Wita
As a Sales Support Specialist for the Eastern Iowa Business Center, Lisa works with our financial professionals to help them achieve their goals. She handles all aspects of new business processing, customer services and supports marketing initiatives for the team.
Copyright © , Principal Financial Services, Inc. | Securities offered through Princor Financial Services Corporation, member