Corporate Executive Officers - Biographies


For Mac
Desktop Drives for Mac
My Book for Mac
Portable Drives for Mac
My Passport for Mac
Datacenter
Corporate Executive Officers - Biographies
Stephen D. Milligan
Chief Executive Officer Western Digital Corporation
Stephen D. Milligan
Steve Milligan re-joined Western Digital as president in March 2012 and was appointed chief executive officer effective January 2, 2013.
Immediately prior to returning to Western Digital, Milligan was president and chief executive officer of Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (Hitachi GST). During his tenure, Milligan led Hitachi GST through a financial and operational turnaround culminating in Western Digital's acquisition of Hitachi GST in March 2012.
Prior to joining Hitachi GST in 2007, Milligan was Western Digital's senior vice president and chief financial officer. He originally joined Western Digital in 2002 as vice president, finance.
Milligan previously was with Dell and Price Waterhouse. He traces his computer industry knowledge to Dell and his hard disk drive roots to his 12 years at Price Waterhouse, where his responsibilities included auditing IBM's hard disk drive business.
Milligan serves on the board of directors of Ross Stores, Inc.
Steve Milligan holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from the Ohio State University.
Michael D. Cordano
President and Chief Operating Officer Western Digital Corporation
Michael D. Cordano
In October 2015, Mike Cordano became president and chief operating officer of Western Digital. Prior to that, Cordano served as president of HGST, a Western Digital Corporation company.
A 20-year veteran of the storage industry, Cordano previously was executive vice president of Sales and Marketing and president of Branded Business for HGST, where he led the external storage business in addition to the company's worldwide sales and marketing organizations. In this capacity, Cordano played a key role in architecting HGST's corporate strategy and executing its successful financial turn-around. Western Digital acquired HGST in March 2012.
Prior to HGST, Cordano was CEO and co-founder of Fabrik, Inc., a leading provider of portable and external storage solutions, including the award-winning G-Technology and SimpleTech product lines. Fabrik, financed by top venture capital firms, including Intel Capital, was acquired by HGST in April 2009.
Before co-founding Fabrik, Cordano was executive vice president of Worldwide Sales and Marketing for Maxtor Corporation. At Maxtor he formed and managed the Branded Products Business Unit, creating break-through product categories, such as the Maxtor OneTouch external storage and backup solution, which ultimately defined the category.
Cordano’s background also includes several regional and international management assignments. He holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Colorado.
Mark P. Long
Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Strategy Officer Western Digital Corporation
Mark P. Long
Mark Long was appointed as executive vice president of finance and chief strategy officer effective July 2016, having previously been appointed as executive vice president and chief strategy officer in August 2015. Mr. Long will assume the dual role of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer effective as of September 1, 2016. In this role, he is focused on executing the company’s growth strategy and capitalizing on the many opportunities present in today’s dynamic storage industry. Prior to that, Long served as executive vice president, strategy and corporate development since February 2013. Long also serves as president, Western Digital Capital, a strategic investment fund targeting innovative companies within the broader storage industry and related markets aligned to Western Digital’s strategic plan. Prior to that, from March 2012 to February 2013, Long served in various consulting capacities for Western Digital. Long previously served as senior vice president, strategy and corporate development at Hitachi GST, which was acquired by Western Digital in March 2012.
Long also previously served as managing director of VisionPoint Capital, where he provided merger and acquisition and corporate finance services to a range of technology companies, including Fabrik, Inc., which was acquired by Hitachi GST in April 2009.
Prior to that, Long was formerly president and chief strategy officer of SageMetrics, a venture-backed business intelligence software company, and executive vice president of Strategic Development for Intraware, a then publicly held provider of electronic software delivery and management services. Prior to Intraware, he was an investment banker with Credit Suisse First Boston and Deutsche Bank Securities. Long began his career as a corporate lawyer with Gunderson Dettmer, a leading law firm in California’s Silicon Valley.
Long holds a bachelor's degree in philosophy from the University of Arizona and a law degree and a master’s degree in business administration (MBA) from the University of Michigan.
Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Western Digital Corporation
Olivier C. Leonetti
Olivier Leonetti was appointed as executive vice president and chief financial officer in September 2014. Prior to joining Western Digital, Leonetti served as vice president, finance – global commercial organization at Amgen, Inc., a global pharmaceutical company, from April 2011 to September 2014, where he was responsible for implementing worldwide product development and commercial strategies and driving global restructuring programs. From July 1997 to April 2011, Leonetti served in various senior finance capacities at Dell Inc., including most recently as vice president, finance, worldwide consumer division. Prior to that, Leonetti served in various worldwide finance capacities with Lex Rac Service plc, Braun UK Ltd and Gillette Industries Limited.
Leonetti holds master’s degrees in accountancy and business administration and management. He is also a certified accountant in England.
Steven Campbell
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Western Digital Corporation
Steven Campbell
Steven Campbell was appointed as executive vice president and chief technology officer in November 2015. Previously, Campbell served as chief technology officer of HGST and Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (Hitachi GST) prior to Western Digital’s acquisition of Hitachi GST in March 2012. Prior to joining Hitachi GST in January 2009, Campbell served as chief executive officer of Magnecomp International (later renamed as Innotek Limited) from July 2002 to September 2008. Prior to that, Campbell served in a variety of capacities with Western Digital, Hewlett Packard, Quantum Corporation and DataPlay, including as general manager of desktop solutions, senior vice president of engineering, vice president of new product introduction and chief quality officer of Western Digital.
With more than 30 years of experience in the electronics and data storage industry, Campbell brings a unique perspective as a business-focused technologist to Western Digital’s delivery of value to customers around the world. He also has a proven track record with successfully leading cross-cultural and geographically dispersed product development and engineering teams.
Campbell holds a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Arizona.
Jacqueline DeMaria
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Western Digital Corporation
Jacqueline DeMaria
Jacqueline DeMaria was appointed executive vice president and chief human resources officer in November 2015. DeMaria joined Western Digital in July 2005 and previously served the company as senior vice president, global human resources and vice president, human resources. Prior to joining Western Digital, DeMaria served as senior vice president, human resources at Earth Tech, a subsidiary of Tyco International, from April 2004 to July 2005.  She also served as chief people officer at Overture from January 2001 to April 2003, and Vice President, Human Resources at Mitsubishi Motors North America from October 1997 to December 2000.  Before joining Mitsubishi, DeMaria held various senior human resources roles with Southern California Edison.  DeMaria also recently served on the board of directors of Orange County United Way.
With her expertise in all aspects of human resources and extensive leadership in the field, DeMaria is a results-oriented and creative executive with a successful track record in leading organizational growth and transformation.
DeMaria holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in psychology from California State University, Fullerton.  She also holds a senior professional in human resources (SPHR) certification.
Michael C. Ray
Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Western Digital Corporation
Michael C. Ray
Michael Ray was appointed as executive vice president, chief legal officer and secretary in November 2015. Prior to that, he served as senior vice president, general counsel and secretary since October 2010. He has held a number of positions at Western Digital Corporation since joining the company in 2000, including Senior Counsel, Assistant General Counsel and Vice President, Legal Services.
Currently, Ray is responsible for the company’s worldwide legal, risk management, compliance and government relations functions. He serves as a member of the company’s executive management team and provides strategic advice to the team and the members of the company’s Board of Directors. He oversees teams responsible for supporting the company’s efforts to develop, manufacture, market and sell storage products globally through the company’s independent subsidiaries. He also leads teams responsible for protecting the company’s significant intellectual property, strengthening and defending the company’s brands worldwide, and complying with regulatory and public-company obligations.
Prior to joining Western Digital, Ray was corporate counsel for Wynn’s International, Inc., an NYSE-listed manufacturer of automotive parts and chemicals; served the U.S. District Court, Central District of California as judicial clerk; and practiced trial law, law and motion and labor/employment law at O’Melveny & Myers, LLP.
Ray holds a bachelor’s degree, with honors, from Harvard College; and a law degree, with honors, from Harvard Law School. Ray has received numerous awards and citations, including being honored as the Orange County Business Journal’s Public Company General Counsel of the Year for 2012.
Ray has served since 2001 as a director of Mercy House Transitional Living Center, based in Santa Ana, California, one of California’s largest providers of services and housing for homeless men, women and children. He is also a director of the United Way of Orange County, and has co-chaired the Orange County United Way Tocqueville Society Bench & Bar affinity group since 2013.
Developer
Mobile Site
Drive Compatibility Guide