
EMAIL,  PRINT,  RSS,  TEAR SHEET,  SHARE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Blogger Digg
Facebook,  Twitter,  LinkedIn,  Google+,  Blogger,  Digg, 
Directors,  James H. Quigley Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, , Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations
James H. Quigley,  Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, 
Rodney F. Chase,  Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP, 
Terrence J. Checki,  Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
Harvey Golub,  Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express, 
John B. Hess,  Chief Executive Officer, 
Edith E. Holiday,  Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury, 
Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey,  President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, 
David McManus,  Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources, 
Dr. Kevin O. Meyers,  Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips, 
John H. Mullin III,  Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., 
Fredric G. Reynolds,  Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation, 
William G. Schrader,  Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia, 
Robert N. Wilson,  Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Johnson & Johnson, 
Directors James H. Quigley Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers,  John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations
John B. Hess,  Chief Executive Officer,  Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer,  John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer,  of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company.
Gregory P. Hill,  President and Chief Operating Officer,  Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer,  Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer,  of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ... 
Zhanna Golodryga,  Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer,  Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer,  Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C... 
Timothy B. Goodell,  Senior Vice President and General Counsel,  Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe... , 
Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz,  Senior Vice President, Exploration,  Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration,  Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration,  for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ... 
Richard Lynch,  Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development,  Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ... , 
Howard Paver,  Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development, 
John P. Rielly,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  for Hess Corporation... 
Andrew Slentz,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources,  for Hess Corporation, a global ind... 
Scott Sloan,  Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development,  Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development,  Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ... 
Brian Truelove,  Senior Vice President, Offshore,  Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore,  Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene... 
Michael R. Turner,  Senior Vice President, Onshore,  Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore,  Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore,  Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in... 
Mykel Ziolo,  Senior Vice President, Human Resources, 
George C. Barry,  Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, 
C. Martin Dunagin,  Vice President, Corporate Tax, 
Eric Fishman,  Vice President and Treasurer, 
Indrani Franchini,  Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, 
Drew Maloney,  Vice President, Government and External Affairs, 
Alex Sagebien,  Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety, 
Jonathan C. Stein,  Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, 
Kevin B. Wilcox,  Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller, 
Jay R. Wilson,  Vice President, Investor Relations, 
Home/ Company/ Media/ Leadership Leadership EMAIL PRINT RSS TEAR SHEET SHARE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Blogger Digg Directors James H. Quigley Chairman of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Rodney F. Chase Former Deputy Group Chief Executive, BP Terrence J. Checki Former Executive Vice President and Head, Emerging Markets and International Affairs, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Harvey Golub Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Edith E. Holiday Former Assistant to the President of the United States and Secretary of the Cabinet; former General Counsel, United States Department of the Treasury Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation David McManus Former Executive Vice President, Pioneer Natural Resources Dr. Kevin O. Meyers Former Senior Vice President of E&P for the Americas, ConocoPhillips John H. Mullin III Chairman, Ridgeway Farm LLC; former Managing Director, Dillon, Read & Co. Inc. Fredric G. Reynolds Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CBS Corporation William G. Schrader Former Chief Operating Officer, TNK-BP Russia Robert N. Wilson Chairman, Mevion Medical Systems; former Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Johnson & Johnson Corporate Officers John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer Download image John B. Hess Chief Executive Officer John B. Hess is Chief Executive Officer of Hess Corporation, a leading independent energy exploration and production company. Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Download image Gregory P. Hill President and Chief Operating Officer Greg Hill is President and Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company engaged ...  Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Download image Zhanna Golodryga Senior Vice President, Services and Chief Information Officer Zhanna Golodryga is Senior Vice President, Services and C...  Timothy B. Goodell Senior Vice President and General Counsel Download image Timothy Goodell Senior Vice President, General Counsel Timothy “Tim” Goodell is Senior Vice President, General Counsel for Hess Corporation, a global indepe...  Barbara Lowery-Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Download image Barbara Yilmaz Senior Vice President, Exploration Barbara Yilmaz is Senior Vice President, Exploration for Hess Corporation, a global independent energ...  Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Global Drilling, Completions and Development Download image Richard Lynch Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions Richard Lynch is Senior Vice President, Developments, Drilling and Completions ...  Howard Paver Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development John P. Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Download image John Rielly Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Rielly is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Hess Corporation...  Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Download image Andrew Slentz Senior Vice President, Human Resources Andrew (Andy) Slentz is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Hess Corporation, a global ind...  Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Download image Scott Sloan Senior Vice President, Strategy, Commercial and New Business Development Scott Sloan is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial and ...  Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Download image Brian Truelove Senior Vice President, Offshore Brian Truelove is Senior Vice President of Offshore for Hess Corporation, a global independent ene...  Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Download image Michael R. Turner Senior Vice President, Onshore Mike Turner is Senior Vice President, Onshore Business Unit for Hess Corporation, a leading global in...  Mykel Ziolo Senior Vice President, Human Resources George C. Barry Vice President, Secretary and Deputy General Counsel C. Martin Dunagin Vice President, Corporate Tax Eric Fishman Vice President and Treasurer Indrani Franchini Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Drew Maloney Vice President, Government and External Affairs Alex Sagebien Vice President, Environment, Health and Safety Jonathan C. Stein Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Kevin B. Wilcox Vice President and Exploration and Production Controller Jay R. Wilson Vice President, Investor Relations Return to top, 
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=101801&p=irol-govBoard