CHS Leadership 


Log-in for Mobile Applications
CHS Refinery at McPherson
Become a Retailer
Private Label & Custom Blending
Producer Services
Producer Financing
CEO & General Manager Selection
Each of our leaders has a depth of experience that gives them the relevant perspective needed for successful decision-making on the behalf of our producer and cooperative owners.
Carl Casale
President and Chief Executive Officer
Carl Casale is president and chief executive officer of CHS, a leading energy, grains and foods company and the nation’s largest member-owned cooperative. He assumed his position with CHS in January 2011. He previously was executive vice president and chief financial officer for Monsanto Company. Casale currently serves as director on the boards of the Ventura Foods, LLC; Ecolab Inc., National Council of Farmer Cooperatives and the Minnesota Business Partnership.
He holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural economics from Oregon State University and an executive Master of Business Administration from Washington University, St. Louis, Mo. The Oregon State University College of Agriculture named Casale its 2009 alumni fellow. He is a native of Oregon’s Willamette Valley and, along with his wife, Kim, operates a family-owned blueberry farm near Aurora, Ore. His family has conducted business with area supply and marketing cooperatives for generations.
Shirley Cunningham
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy
Shirley Cunningham is executive vice president and chief operating officer, Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy, for CHS Inc, the nation’s leading farmer-owned cooperative and a global energy, grains and foods company. In her role, she leads the company’s aligned Ag Business platform consisting of its International and North America Grain Marketing and Agronomy (Crop Nutrients) operations. She is also responsible for CHS Enterprise Strategy functions including information technology, human resources, planning and strategy. Cunningham joined CHS as executive vice president, Enterprise Strategy, in April 2013 and assumed her expanded responsibilities in September 2014.
Prior to joining CHS, Cunningham was the chief information officer for Monsanto Company and has more than 25 years of experience in information technology and business management including leading global IT operations, acquisitions, IT research and development, strategic planning and enterprise initiatives. She was also responsible for developing and executing Monsanto’s quality oils strategy. In addition to broad business expertise, Cunningham has extensive global experience, having led Europe, Middle East and Africa IT operations for Monsanto. She also held leadership positions with several companies in the United Kingdom.
Jay Debertin
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy and Foods
Jay Debertin is executive vice president and chief operating officer, Energy and Foods, for CHS, a diversified energy, grains and foods company based in St. Paul, Minn. Debertin leads the company’s diverse energy operations and processing and food ingredients. Energy includes refineries, pipelines and terminals, refined fuels, propane, lubricants and transportation. CHS Processing and Food Ingredients includes manufacturing facilities in the U.S., China and Israel. He also serves as chairman for the Ventura Foods, LLC, its vegetable oil-based foods joint venture.
Debertin joined CHS in 1984 in its petroleum division and held a variety of positions in its energy marketing operations. He was named vice president, Crude Oil Supply, in 1998 based in the company’s Denver, Colo., office. In 2001, he returned to St. Paul, Minn., with responsibilities including raw material supply, refining, pipelines and terminals, trading and risk management, and transportation. He has held his current responsibilities since 2014. Debertin also serves as chairman for Ventura Foods.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of North Dakota in 1982 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Wisconsin – Madison in 1984.
Lynden Johnson
Executive Vice President, Country Operations
Lynden Johnson, executive vice president, Country Operations, is responsible for the division delivering agricultural inputs, energy products, grain marketing, animal nutrition, sunflower processing and other farm supplies to more than 75,000 producers through 75 business units in 16 states and Canada. Before assuming his current role, Johnson served as executive vice president, Business Solutions. Since joining CHS in 2005, he has held a variety of leadership roles in Business Solutions and Member Services. Johnson managed cooperatives in North Dakota and Minnesota previously.
Johnson is currently director for the CHS Pension Plan and CHS Capital. He has been an active leader in a number of cooperative system organizations including serving as president of the North Dakota and Minnesota Managers Association, Triangle Agronomy L.L.C., the CHS and Land O’Lakes Managers Council and several business unit advisory committees. Johnson attended North Dakota State University in Fargo and has a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural economics.
Timothy Skidmore
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Timothy Skidmore is executive vice president and chief financial officer for CHS, the nation's leading farmer-owned cooperative and a global energy, grains and foods company. Skidmore joined CHS in August 2013 and is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, patron equity, treasury, strategic sourcing and insurance risk management.
He previously served as vice president of finance and strategy for Campbell North America, Campbell's largest operating division. Skidmore joined Campbell as assistant treasurer in 2001 and has held numerous leadership positions in finance including leading the cash management, corporate finance and international treasury functions and serving in various business unit CFO roles including the U.S. soup, simple meals, beverages and international businesses where he was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and balance sheet management. Prior to joining Campbell, Skidmore spent 15 years at DuPont Co., where he held a variety of financial leadership positions, including leading DuPont's finance function across Asia Pacific. Skidmore began his career at Conoco Philips.
Skidmore is currently on the board of trustees for the Science Museum of Minnesota, where he serves on the Audit and Finance Committee.
He holds a bachelor's degree in risk management from the University of Georgia and a Master of Business Administration in finance from Widener University, Chester, Penn.
Jim Zappa
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Jim Zappa is executive vice president and general counsel for CHS Inc., the nation’s leading farmer-owned cooperative and a global energy, grains and foods business. In his role, Zappa provides counsel to CHS leadership and the CHS Board of Directors on issues related to company strategy and its execution; corporate governance, and compliance with laws and regulations, including the CHS global compliance program. He also works with the CHS corporate finance team to ensure the company maintains the processes and infrastructure that support robust Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reporting and compliance, disclosure and investor communications.
Zappa joined CHS in April 2015 after serving as vice president, associate general counsel and chief compliance officer for the 3M Compliance and Business Conduct Department. In that position, he led a global legal team responsible for overall corporate compliance and business conduct. He previously served as vice president, associate general counsel, International Operations, working with 3M global subsidiaries and business operations. His career also included serving as counsel to the 3M Board’s Compensation Committee, assistant general counsel for consumer and office business and human resources; and counsel and assistant general counsel for labor and employment law. Prior to joining 3M, he worked for UnitedHealth Group and for the law firm Dorsey & Whitney.
Zappa earned a juris doctor degree from the University of Minnesota Law School, a master’s degree in communication arts and sciences from the University of Southern California, and a bachelor’s degree from Drake University. He is an active community volunteer and currently serves as a director for the Boy Scouts of America, NorthernStar Council.
Lisa Zell
Executive Vice President, Business Solutions
Lisa Zell is executive vice president of Business Solutions for CHS, the nation’s leading farmer-owned cooperative and a global energy, grains and foods company. In her role, she is responsible for leading programs and products that support cooperatives, agribusinesses and producers that are offered through CHS Aligned Solutions, CHS Capital, CHS Hedging, CHS Insurance and Communications and Public Affairs.
Zell joined CHS in 1999 as senior attorney after several years in private practice and a federal clerkship with the U.S. Court of Appeals Seventh Circuit. She was named senior vice president and general counsel in January 2011 and assumed her previous position, as executive vice president and general counsel, in January 2012. Zell serves as chairperson of the board for CHS Insurance, CHS Capital and CHS Hedging. She previously served as a board member for the CHS Pension Plan and Ventura Foods, LLC. Zell also chaired Ventura’s Corporate Responsibility Committee and served as a fiduciary board member for the Co-op 401(k) Committee.
She earned her bachelor’s degree from St. Cloud (Minn.) State University and a law degree, with honors, from Drake University.
David Bielenberg
Chairman of the Board, CHS
David Bielenberg was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2009 and was selected chairman in 2012. Bielenberg is chairman of the CHS Board’s Executive Committee. He formerly served as a director and chairman of the board for Wilco Farmers Cooperative, Mt. Angel, Oregon. Bielenberg is chairman of the East Valley Water District and has been active in a broad range of agricultural and organizations.
Bielenberg operates a diverse agricultural business near Silverton, Ore., which includes seed crops, vegetables, soft white wheat, greenhouse production and timberland. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural engineering from Oregon State University. He is a graduate of the Texas A & M University executive program for agricultural producers. Bielenberg has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
Curt Eischens
Curt Eischens was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 1990 and currently serves second vice chairman of the CHS Board and as chairman of the Capital Committee. He previously served as assistant secretary-treasurer of the CHS Board. He currently serves as chairman of the Cooperative Network and as director of the Ralph Morris Foundation. He is also a member of the Minnesota Soybean Association, Minnesota Corn Growers Association, Minnesota Farmers Union, Minnesota FFA Alumni Association (life member) and the National FFA Alumni Association. Eischens was a director for Farmers Co-op Association in Canby, Minn., for nine years, including eight as board chairman. Eischens received the prestigious Director of the Year award from National Council of Farmer Cooperatives in February 2014 and was inducted into the Minnesota FFA Hall of Fame in April 2009.
Eischens operates a family corn and soybean farm near Minneota, Minn. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and received its Certificate of Director Education.
Perry Meyer
Director
Perry Meyer was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2014 and serves as a member of the Board’s Audit and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. He currently serves as a director for Heartland Corn Products Cooperative, a board on which he has served since 1992. Meyer also is a member of and active in a broad range of other cooperative and agricultural organizations including United Farmers Co-op, Winthrop, Minn.; South Central Grain and Energy, Fairfax, Minn.; River Region Co-op, Sleepy Eye, Minn.; Minnesota Farm Bureau, Minnesota and Nicollet County corn growers associations and Minnesota Pork Producers Association.
Meyer serves as president of St. John’s Church, New Ulm, Minn., and Steamboat Pork Cooperative, Lafayette, Minn. He is chairman of the NU-Telecom Board, which he has served on since 1995, and a director for the Minnesota Valley Lutheran School Foundation. He is past director for the former CHS Oilseed Defined Investment Board and has previously held leadership roles on numerous local government boards as well.
Meyer holds a degree in agricultural mechanics from Alexandria (Minn.) Technical School. He attended the CHS New Leaders Forum in 1985 and is a 2006 graduate of the Minnesota Agriculture and Rural Leadership (MARL) program. Along with his daughter and son-in-law, Meyer operates a 2,500-acre corn and soybean farm near New Ulm, Minn., and finishes 12,000 hogs annually.
David Johnsrud
Director
David Johnsrud was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2012. He serves as a member of the Governance and CHS Foundation and Investment committees. He formerly served as board chairman for AgCountry Farm Credit Services, as well as chair of its human resources committee. He has served on the Minnesota Farm Credit Legislative Committee as director and chairman; was chairman of the Minnesota Farm Credit nominating committee for the AgriBank election in 2012, and served on the Farmers Union Oil and CHS Prairie Lake Co-op boards of directors from 1987 through 2007. Johnsrud also has served on the Mid-Minnesota Association Board, with terms as secretary and chairman, and served on the State Directors’ Association, with terms as treasurer.
In 2010, Johnsrud completed the Farm Credit Services Premier Governance Series, became a Certified Director, and is a 2010 graduate of Minnesota Agricultural Rural Leadership Class V. He has completed course work and been designated a Board Leadership Fellow by the National Association of Corporate Directors. Johnsrud farms in partnership with his brother and nephew near Starbuck, Minn.
Alan Holm
Director
Alan Holm was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2013 and serves as a member of the Corporate Risk and Government Relations committees. Previously, Holm was a member and served as chairman of CHS Annual Meeting Resolutions Committee. He was chairman of the River Region Co-op for 12 years and has served on the board for 21 years. Holm also served as chairman of the Southern Minnesota Co-op Directors’ Association and secretary of the Minnesota State Co-op Directors’ Association. In addition, he has also held leadership positions with the Brown County Farm Service Agency county committee, Ag Star Financial Services Advisory Board and Renville Co-op Transport.
Holm holds an associate’s degree in machine tool technology from Mankato Technical College and has completed his Director Professionalism course through the National Association of Corporate Directors. He partners with his son-in-law to raise corn, soybeans, sweet corn, peas and hay on 1,400 acres near Sleepy Eye, Minn., which has been in his family since 1870. Holm also raises a 50-head cow-calf herd. He has participated in numerous cooperative and agriculture educational programs, along with being an active coach and leader in area youth baseball and softball programs.
Edward Malesich
Director
Ed Malesich was elected to the Board of Directors of CHS Inc., the nation’s leading producer-owned cooperative, in 2011 and serves as a member on the board's Capital and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. He is a member of the Montana Stock Growers Association, Montana Grain Growers Association, Farm Bureau and Montana Farmers Union. He currently serves on the board of the Montana Council of Co-ops.
Malesich was previously director and served 12 years on the board of Rocky Mountain Supply, Inc., Belgrade, Mont., and 18 on one of its predecessor cooperatives. In addition, he served 13 years on the board of Northwest Farm Credit Services, Spokane, Wash., an $8 billion association serving four states. During his tenure with that organization, Malesich served two years as board chairman. He also served 16 years as a director for the East Bench Irrigation District.
Malesich holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural production from Montana State University and is a member of the Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity. He is president of Malesich Ranch Co., a diversified operation raising 1,300 head of commercial Angus cattle on 14,000 acres near Dillon, Mont. It also utilizes federal, state and private land leases. Malesich Ranch also raises wheat, malt barley and hay on 2,000 irrigated acres and operates a custom haying business. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and has been awarded its Certificate of Director Education and Board Leadership Fellow status.
Dennis Carlson
First Vice Chairman
Dennis Carlson was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2001. He is a member of the Board’s Capital and Government Relations committees. He has also served as first and second vice chairman of the Board. Carlson was previously chairman of the Farmers Union Oil Company of Bismarck/Mandan, N.D., and served on that board for 18 years.
A fourth-generation farmer, Carlson and his wife, Kristi, raise wheat, sunflowers and soybeans near Mandan, N.D. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and has been awarded its Certificate of Director Education and Board Leadership Fellow status.
Jon Erickson
Director
Jon Erickson was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2011 and serves as a member of the Board’s Corporate Risk and Government Relations committees. He previously served as a member of the CHS Annual Meeting Resolutions Committee. He is a member of North Dakota Farmers Union and the North Dakota Stockman’s Association. Erickson previously served as director and chairman for Enerbase of Minot, N.D., an energy and agricultural supply cooperative. He is a past director on the North Dakota Farmers Union board (NDFU), the NDFU Mutual Insurance board and the National Cattlemen’s Beef Promotion and Research Board. He is the third generation of his family to serve in a cooperative leadership role.
Erickson holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University. He operates the third-generation Diamond T Ranch southwest of Minot, N.D., where his family raises small grains and oilseeds and has a commercial Hereford/Angus cow-calf operation. He has completed course work and been designated a Board Leadership Fellow by the National Association of Corporate Directors.
Steve Fritel
Second Vice Chairman
Steve Fritel was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2003 and currently serves as first vice chairman of the CHS Board. He also serves as chairman of the Governance Committee and as first vice chair of the Board’s Executive Committee. Fritel previously served as secretary-treasurer and second vice chairman of the CHS Board. He represents CHS on the Quentin Burdick Center for Cooperatives. He served four years on the former Harvest States Wheat Milling Defined Member Board and 21 years on the board of Rugby Farmers Union Elevator. He is a past board member of the North Central Experiment Station Board of Visitors, the North Dakota Farm and Ranch Business Management Advisory Board and Envision.
Fritel earned an associate’s degree from North Dakota State College of Science, Wahpeton. He has completed course work and been designated a Board Leadership Fellow by the National Association of Corporate Directors. Fritel is involved in a wide range of agricultural and co-op organizations. He raises cash grain, including spring wheat, barley, soybeans, edible beans, corn and confectionary sunflower on a family farm near Rugby, N.D. Along with his son, Fritel has continued to run his father’s 50-year-old family business which deals in the sale of farm grain storage and related equipment.
Randy Knecht
CHS Director
Randy Knecht was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2001 and serves as a member of the Government Relations and Capital committees. Knecht previously served as assistant secretary-treasurer of the CHS Board. Knecht is a past board member for the American Coalition for Ethanol and is a past board member and chairman of Full Circle Ag and Northern Electric Cooperative.
Knecht holds a bachelor’s degree in agriculture from South Dakota State University. He is a partner in a family farm operation near Houghton, S.D., which raises corn, soybeans and alfalfa, as well as beef cattle. Knecht has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and has been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
David Kayser
Director
David Kayser was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2006 and serves as chairman of the CHS Foundation Finance and Investment Committee. He is also a member of the Audit Committee. Kayser currently serves on the Mitchell Technical Institute Foundation Board. He previously was a member of the CHS Annual Meeting Resolutions Committee. He served as director and chairman of the Farmer’s Alliance, Mitchell, S.D., as well as chairman of the South Dakota Association of Cooperatives.
Kayser raises corn, soybeans and hay near Alexandria, S.D., and operates a cow-calf and feeder-calf business. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
Bob Bass
Director
Bob Bass was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 1994 and serves as a member of the Governance and Government Relations committees. Bass previously served as first vice chairman of the CHS Board for nine years, as well as chairman of the CHS Audit committee for nine years. He also serves as director on the board of Reedsburg Area Medical Center. Bass was previously director and vice chairman of the Cooperative Network board. He was also on the local board for Co-op Country Partners in Baraboo, Wis., for 15 years, and served seven years as its chairman.
Bass holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin in agricultural education and is a former agricultural educator. He is a partner in a family farm operation near Reedsburg, Wis., which includes a 500-acre dairy and raises alfalfa and corn. Bass has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
Greg Kruger
Director
Greg Kruger was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2008 and serves as a member on the board's Audit and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. He served 16 years as chairman of Countryside Cooperative, Durand, Wis., as well as past president of Trempealeau County Farm Bureau and as chairman of his community’s land use planning committee.
Kruger operates a diversified family dairy, hog, and crop farm near Eleva, Wis. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
David Bielenberg
Chairman of the Board, CHS
David Bielenberg was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2009 and was selected chairman in 2012. Bielenberg is chairman of the CHS Board’s Executive Committee. He formerly served as a director and chairman of the board for Wilco Farmers Cooperative, Mt. Angel, Oregon. Bielenberg is chairman of the East Valley Water District and has been active in a broad range of agricultural and organizations.
Bielenberg operates a diverse agricultural business near Silverton, Ore., which includes seed crops, vegetables, soft white wheat, greenhouse production and timberland. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural engineering from Oregon State University. He is a graduate of the Texas A & M University executive program for agricultural producers. Bielenberg has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education.
Dan Schurr
Secretary Treasurer
Dan Schurr joined the CHS Board of Directors in 2006 and currently serves as secretary-treasurer of the CHS Board and the Board’s Executive Committee. He is chairman of the Audit Committee. Schurr previously served as first vice chairman of the CHS Board. He is a director on the board of Blackhawk Bank and Trust, serving on its audit and loan committees. Schurr is on the board of trustees for the Silos & Smokestacks National Heritage Area. He was a director for River Valley Cooperative of Mt. Joy, Iowa, as well as a director and loan committee member for Great River Bank. He is active in numerous agriculture and community organizations and was named the Iowa Jaycees Outstanding Young Farmer in 2004.
Schurr holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural business, with a minor in economics, from Iowa State University He raises corn and soybeans near LeClaire, Iowa. Schurr also operates a commercial trucking business. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course, received its Certificate of Director Education and Board Leadership fellow status.
Steve Riegel
Director
Steve Riegel was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2006 and serves as a member of the Board’s Governance and Government Relations committees. Riegel is also an advisory director for Bucklin (Kan.) National Bank. He is the former chairman of Pride Ag Resources, Dodge City, Kan., and previously served as a director and officer for Ford-Kingsdown Cooperative and Co-op Service, Inc.
Riegel attended Fort Hays State University, Hays, Kan., and majored in agriculture business and animal science. He raises irrigated corn, soybeans, alfalfa, dryland wheat and milo near Ford, Kan. He has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and been awarded its Certificate of Director Education and Board Leadership fellow status.
Don Anthony
Director
Don Anthony joined the CHS Board of Directors in 2006. He is assistant secretary-treasurer of the Board and the Board’s Executive Committee. He also currently serves as chairman of the Corporate Risk Committee. He currently serves as director and was formerly the chairman for All Points Cooperative of Gothenburg, Neb., and Lexington Co-op Oil. Anthony is active in several state and local cooperative and agricultural organizations.
Anthony earned a bachelor’s degree in agricultural economics from the University of Nebraska. In April 2013, he was elected to the Nebraska Hall of Agricultural Achievement. He raises corn, soybeans and alfalfa near Lexington, Neb. Anthony has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course, been awarded its Certificate of Director Education and was among the first corporate directors in the U.S. to earn NACD distinction as a Board Leadership Fellow. He was a 2014 recipient of the Nebraska Agribusiness Club’s Service to Agriculture Award.
C.J. Blew
Director
C.J. Blew was elected to the CHS Board of Directors in 2010. He chairs the Government Relations Committee and serves as a member of the Corporate Risk Committee. Blew previously served as a member of the CHS Annual Meeting Resolutions Committee. He is serving his fourth term and is chairman of the Mid Kansas Coop (MKC) board of directors in Moundridge, Kan., where he previously served as vice chairman and secretary. He is a member of the Hutchinson Community College Ag Advisory Board, Kansas Livestock Association, Texas Cattle Feeder’s Association and the Red Angus Association of America.