Land O'Lakes Inc. - Company


Today, our three businesses give us an end-to-end view of agriculture. Pair this with our farmer ownership and we’re uniquely qualified to better serve customers and consumers around the world, while always delivering on our responsibility to our member-owners.
Minnesota Governor John S. Pillsbury lures T.L. Haecker, an expert in the science of butter making, to the University of Minnesota. After touring Minnesota's dairy plants, Haecker begins encouraging the formation of co-op creameries.
It’s a new era. The Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association forms, and John Brandt is elected to the board of directors. He’ll go on to become our first president.
In need of a catchy brand for the co-op’s sweet cream butter, the Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association hosts a contest with $500 in gold offered as the prize. Ida Foss and George Swift each walk away a winner for submitting the name, you guessed it, Land O'Lakes. And the runners up? Maid O' the West and Tommy Tucker.
The Purina brand becomes a part of our story. Purina Mills was founded in 1894 to supply fresh, high-quality, consistent feed. Today, that same philosophy holds true.
Our seed business joins with Agriliance’s crop protection products to form Winfield Solutions, LLC. The WinField® brand is later introduced in 2012.
We take the next step in our growth journey—onto South African soil. We close on a 52.5 percent ownership stake in Villa Crop Protection. With Villa, we’re positioned to help sustainably improve the yields of farms of all sizes in South Africa and beyond.
OUR EXECUTIVE LEADERS
Chris Policinski
President and CEO
Chris Policinski
President and CEO On the team since 1997
Chris has more than 35 years of experience in the food industry. He joined Land O’Lakes, Inc. in 1997 and was appointed president and CEO in 2005. Prior to joining Land O’Lakes, he held leadership positions with Kraft General Foods, Bristol-Myers Squibb and The Pillsbury Company. He serves on the board of several industry groups including the Grocery Manufacturers Association, the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition and the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, and is involved in local community boards including as a Trustee of the University of Minnesota Foundation.  Chris is a member of the boards of Xcel Energy and Hormel Foods. Chris earned his MBA from New York University and his undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame.
Beth Ford
Beth Ford
Beth Ford is the group executive vice president and chief operating officer for Land O’Lakes, Inc. She is responsible for the Purina Animal Nutrition and U.S. Dairy Foods businesses, which reported 2015 net sales totaling more than $8 billion. Additionally, Beth is the chief supply chain officer, with accountability for all supply chain, operations, IT and R&D functions across the Land O'Lakes, Inc. enterprise. In her 30 years of experience as a global operator, Beth has held senior and line leadership positions in seven companies across six industries, including Energy (Mobil Oil), Consumer Packaged Goods (Pepsi/Pepsi Bottling Group), QSR (Perseco), Publishing (Scholastic and Hachette), Chemicals (International Flavors and Fragrances) and now Food Production and Agribusiness. A native of Sioux City, Iowa, Beth earned an MBA from Columbia University Business School and a BBA from Iowa State University. She remains involved in both universities, sitting on the Deming Center Board of Advisors for Columbia Business School and the Dean's Advisory Committee for the College of Business at Iowa State. Beth also sits on multiple non-profit boards, including Greater Twin Cities United Way, The Children’s Theater of Minneapolis, the Go Red for Women event for the American Heart Association in Minneapolis, and SCM World.  Additionally, Beth sits on the Board of Directors for two publicly traded companies, Clearwater Papers, Inc. and PACCAR, Inc., both of which are recognized in the Fortune 150 and 750 lists, respectively.
Loren Heeringa
Loren Heeringa
Loren serves as senior vice president and chief human resources officer for Land O’Lakes, Inc. He joined Land O’Lakes in 2004, bringing more than 30 years of human resources and change management experience in multiple companies and industries. Before joining our team, he served as vice president of human resources at both Honeywell International, Inc. and the University of St. Thomas. He is a board member for Camp Fire of Minnesota and the co-chair of the Board of Governors of the Minneapolis Chief Human Resources Summit. He previously served as a board member of the Twin Cities American Heart Association and was a board member of the Minnesota Human Resources Leadership Forum. Loren holds a B.A. in psychology from Hamline University and completed coursework for a Ph.D. in Industrial and Organizational Psychology at the University of Minnesota.
Peter Janzen
SVP, General Counsel and CAO
Peter Janzen
SVP, General Counsel and CAO On the team since 1983
Peter serves as general counsel and chief administrative officer for Land O’Lakes, Inc., with experience in trademark law, mergers and acquisitions, cooperative law, antitrust law and corporate governance. Peter provides oversight for all legal affairs, community relations, government affairs, member relations, Land O’Lakes International Development, real estate and facilities. Peter serves on the boards of the Land O’Lakes Foundation, the National Milk Producers Federation, the Public Affairs Council, Newtrient, LLC, the International Food Information Council and the STEM Food and Ag Council. Peter holds a bachelor’s in political science and a J.D. from Hamline University.
Jerry Kaminski
Jerry Kaminski
Jerry serves as executive vice president and chief operating officer of the Land O’Lakes, Inc. International business, leading commercial business ventures outside of the United States. He oversees Land O’Lakes Global Dairy Ingredients, the Villa Crop Protection joint venture in South Africa and Global Seed Genetics in Mexico. Prior to his current role, Jerry was the executive vice president and group executive of the combined Dairy Foods Retail and Foodservice divisions, and was general manager of Dairy Solutions when he joined the company. Before joining Land O’Lakes, Jerry served as a vice president and general manager at General Mills, where he held various leadership positions in the retail and business-to-business segments. He also served as president and chief operating officer at Sparboe Foods. Jerry holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin and an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Dan Knutson
Dan Knutson
Dan serves as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Land O’Lakes, Inc. With more than 35 years of experience, Dan oversees corporate finance, accounting, treasury, audit and strategy. Prior to his appointment to chief financial officer in 2000, he held several leadership roles within finance and accounting. Dan is a certified public accountant and certified management accountant. He holds both a bachelor’s and MBA from Minnesota State University–Mankato.
Tim Scott
Tim Scott
Tim oversees business-to-customer and business-to-business branding, marketing strategy and is responsible for building marketing competencies across all businesses and geographies for Land O’Lakes, Inc. He also has oversight for FLM+, a wholly owned subsidiary of Land O’Lakes. During his 31-year-career, Tim has earned a reputation as a trusted advisor and skilled marketer. Prior to Land O’Lakes, Tim was the CEO and president, International, at mcgarrybowen. In that role, Tim lead the rapidly expanding global offering, while also continuing to steer the Chicago office. His career in advertising has allowed him to help build many well-known brands, from General Mills to Frito Lay, from Sears to Mondelez, from Disney to Wrigley, and from Kraft to Clorox. He’s accumulated a considerable collection of Effies and other awards along the way. Tim earned his bachelor’s and his MBA from Michigan State University. He lives in downtown Minneapolis and in Chicago’s Lincoln Park neighborhood during the week and spends his weekends hibernating at his cabin in the Michigan woods.
Mike Vande Logt
Mike Vande Logt
For more than 38 years, Mike has worked in all aspects of the seed industry, with 26 of them in evolving roles at Land O’Lakes, Inc. He now leads Winfield US, a seed and crop protection business serving nearly 1,300 independently owned and operated agricultural retailers through products, services and agricultural expertise delivered under the WinField and United Suppliers brands. After earning degrees in agronomy and plant breeding, Mike began his career working directly with farmers, first as an extension service county agent and then in a variety of sales, sales management and technical agronomy roles. Mike joined the Land O'Lakes Seed team in 1990 and assumed his current role in 2015. Throughout his tenure at Land O’Lakes, Mike has focused on using insights to support local agricultural retailers in meeting farmers' needs to increase productivity using fewer resources.
Barry Wolfish
Barry Wolfish
As senior vice president for mergers, acquisitions and ventures, Barry provides oversight of merger and acquisition transaction management including due diligence and integration, and of key joint venture and wholly owned subsidiary investments including board representation for FLM+, Eggland's Best, Geosys Technology Holding, Inc., Winfield US, Villa Crop Protection, Greenpoint and Agri-AFC. In prior leadership roles, Barry served as chief marketing officer, senior vice president of corporate marketing and communications, and senior vice president of corporate strategy. Barry also held various leadership roles in dairy foods for Land O'Lakes, Inc. Prior to joining Land O’Lakes, he worked at General Mills, where he was vice president of several businesses in the United States and Canada. He previously served on the boards of Moark, LLC, Advanced Food Products, Global Seed Genetics and Dairy Marketing Alliance. Barry currently serves as an advisory member and past chair of the board of directors of The BrandLab, a Minneapolis-based organization seeking to change the face and voice of the marketing industry by introducing, guiding and preparing diverse students for careers in marketing. He holds a bachelor’s degree in history and economics from the University of Toronto and an MBA in marketing and policy from York University.
Brett Bruggeman
Brett Bruggeman
Brett joined Land O’Lakes, Inc. in 2015 with the merger of the Land O’Lakes and United Suppliers crop inputs businesses. He leads strategic development for the combined Winfield US business and is the general manager for the United Suppliers crop protection and seed portfolio. Brett joined United Suppliers in 2007 with primary responsibilities for business unit profit and loss and balance sheet, manufacturer programs and relationships, people management—recruitment and retention, proprietary business development, and overall strategy development. He is responsible for managing multiple offerings for customer-owners including those made available through alliances with Stine Seed Company, Aligned Ag Distributors, ATLAS, Ag Precision Formulators, Direct Ag Source and Raymat, LLC. Prior to United Suppliers, Brett worked at BASF in the United States and internationally.
Doug Brunt
Doug Brunt
“Working with our member-owners each and every day provides an unmatched view of the cooperative system and American agriculture. Our strength lies in each farmer and rural co-op succeeding and thriving, feeding families and inspiring the next generation.”
Doug serves as senior vice president for ag customer accounts at Land O’Lakes, Inc. Doug brings more than 20 years of experience within the rural cooperative system working with co-ops to bring value to their business and to their producers. He began his career with Madison County Co-op in Indiana, and was named general manager in 1990. In 1991, Doug became general manager of Ag One Co-op also in Anderson, Indiana. Doug spent time with Countrymark Co-op as regional manager for the Northwest Region. Doug joined Land O’Lakes in 1998, managing the agronomy sales forces in the Eastern Corn Belt, Eastern United States and Ontario. Doug was promoted to director of business-to-business sales for Winfield Solutions, LLC in 2007. Doug is a past board member for the National Grain and Feed Association. He currently serves on the boards of GreenPoint, LLC and Agri-AFC, LLC. Doug also serves on steering committees for FLM+, a wholly owned subsidiary of Land O’Lakes, Inc. and the Midwest Food and Agribusiness Executive Seminar at Purdue University.
Lisa Deverell
Lisa Deverell
Lisa leads Land O’Lakes, Inc.’s feed business-to-business portfolio, which includes the milk replacer, micro ingredient distribution and premix business, and Lab Diet businesses. She came to Land O’Lakes in 2004 and worked in finance leadership roles for our dairy foods and agricultural services businesses before assuming her current role in 2013. Before Land O’Lakes, Lisa held a variety of finance and strategy roles at International Multifoods and Pillsbury. Lisa holds a bachelor’s degree in business from Hamline University and a master’s degree in finance from the University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management. She sat on the board of directors at Ecumen for 10 years. Lisa is passionate about developing women for leadership roles and is the executive sponsor of Land O’Lakes’ Women’s Leadership Network.
John Ellenberger
John Ellenberger
“At our core, we are owned by farmer producers who are no-nonsense, get-it-done people. As a result, our culture has a strong ‘can-do’ attitude. Our competitors and the environment in which we're doing business require that we have a sharper focus on execution and set a high bar for marketplace achievement.”
John leads the U.S. Dairy Foods business at Land O’Lakes, Inc., which includes oversight of Retail and Foodservice. He assumed the role in 2014 after leading dairy foods teams since 2008. Before joining Land O’Lakes, John led marketing at American Medical Systems and spent 15 years in various marketing leadership roles at General Mills. John serves on the boards of the American Butter Institute, ServeMinnesota and Gillette Children’s Specialty Healthcare. He earned his bachelor’s degree and MBA from the University of Minnesota.
Mitch Eviston
SVP, Marketing, WinField
Mitch Eviston
Mitch serves as senior vice president of marketing for Winfield Solutions, LLC. With more than 25 years of seed and agricultural chemical industry experience, Mitch has a strong track record in sales, marketing, strategic planning, supply chain, and distribution channel and product management. He joined Agriliance in May 2005 as director of crop protection marketing, Heartland business unit. Prior to joining Agriliance, Mitch held various management positions with Ciba/Novartis, Dow AgroSciences and McKillip Seeds. A 1991 graduate of Purdue University, Mitch holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural economics.
Dave Hoogmoed
Dave Hoogmoed
Dave has more than 36 years of experience in the feed industry representing the Purina brand. He began his career at Ralston Purina in 1979 and held several sales, general management and officer positions as the business evolved to Purina Mills, Inc. then Purina Animal Nutrition. Since 2001, Purina Animal Nutrition has been a part of the farm-to-market continuum at Land O’Lakes, Inc. Dave has led the teams focused on feeding livestock such as dairy cows, beef cattle and pigs, as well as lifestyle animals such as horses and other companion animal species. Each day, he works to ensure our rich history of animal nutrition research and innovation continues to deliver new solutions that help animals achieve their greatest levels of performance.
Rob McClelland
President and CEO, FLM+
Rob McClelland
President and CEO, FLM+ On the team since 2009
Rob is president and CEO of FLM+, which is a hybrid strategic consulting, marketing and communications company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, that specializes in agriculture, rural lifestyle, life and environmental sciences. Prior to FLM+, Rob was a founder and senior vice president of Adayana, Inc. Before successfully helping build Adayana into a global consultancy, Rob led the introduction of innovative digital strategies with Broadvision, a broad-spectrum e-commerce and Internet solutions company. He also served as senior vice president of Meyocks & Priebe Advertising where he built their digital capabilities from the ground up. Rob also held leadership positions at AgriGrowth, Inc. and started his career at Ciba-Geigy, now Syngenta. Rob earned an agricultural economics degree from The Ohio State University and, in 2013, the College of Food, Agricultural and Environmental Sciences named Rob a “Distinguished Alumnus.” Rob is active in the National Agri-Marketing Association and the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, both locally at Ohio State and internationally.  Rob, his wife, Shelly, and their five children reside in the greater Columbus, Ohio, community.
Mike Macrie
Mike Macrie
Mike joined Land O’Lakes, Inc. in 2010 and became senior vice president and chief information officer in June 2013. During his tenure, Mike has led extensive efforts to embrace mobile and cloud computing across the enterprise and invest in developing unique and market-leading solutions in the areas of precision agriculture and industry analytics. Before joining Land O’Lakes, Mike held a breadth of roles at Ingersoll Rand, AlliedSignal and was involved in several start-ups including G5 Technologies and Multi-Media Solutions. Mike earned his MBA from Duke University and a bachelor’s degree from Cornell University.
Su Rankin
Su Rankin
As senior vice president of operations, Su is responsible for the functional oversight of more than 80 facilities that manufacture products delivered under the LAND O LAKES, Purina and WinField brands. Su’s career spans multiple industries, including specialty chemicals and equipment, consumer packaged goods and food products. Prior to joining Land O’Lakes, Inc. in 2013, Su held leadership roles at Ecolab, SC Johnson and Son, Reckitt Benckiser, Hormel Foods and General Foods. Su earned her Executive MBA from University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management and her bachelor’s degree from University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Jeff Troike Attica, IN
Lynn Boadwine Baltic, SD
Greg Tauchen Bonduel, WI
Jeff Johnson Chaska, MN
Duane Hershey Cochranville, PA
Tom Benoit Damar, KS
Galen Vetter Edwards, CO
Ronnie Mohr Greenfield, IN
Doug Reimer Guttenberg, IA
Paul Schweiger Hillsboro, WI
Dan Mains Newville, PA
Levi Ransom Nicholson, PA
Stan Stark Pratt, KS
Scot Janssen Staceyville, IA
Ben Curti Tulare, CA
Cornell Kasbergen Tulare, CA
Joey Fernandes Tulare, CA
Stephen Mancebo Tulare, CA
Xavier Avila Tulare, CA
Rick Brand Somers, IA
Mark Berning St. Michael, MN
Dave Andresen Lake City, SD
John Habedank Twin Valley, MN
Pete Kappelman Two Rivers, WI
Robert Thompson Washington, D.C.
Howard Liszt Wayzata, MN
Jeff Lakner Wessington, SD
Ben Curti
Joey Fernandes
Mark Berning
Xavier Avila
Cornell Kasbergen
Stephen Mancebo
Dave Andresen
Rick Brand
Lynn Boadwine
John Habedank
Duane Hershey
Cochranville, PA
Scot Janssen
Jeff Johnson
Pete Kappelman
Jeff Lakner
Wessington, SD
Howard Liszt
Dan Mains
Ronnie Mohr
Greenfield, IN
Levi Ransom
Nicholson, PA
Doug Reimer
Guttenberg, IA
Paul Schweiger
Stan Stark
Pratt, KS
Greg Tauchen
Bonduel, WI
Robert Thompson
Jeff Troike
Galen Vetter
Edwards, CO
Tom Benoit
Damar, KS