Dean Foods - Bios


Dean Foods
Dean Foods Company
Executive Management
Jim L. Turner
Principal JLT Beverages Director Since November 1997
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Jim Turner has served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board since August 2015. Mr. Turner currently serves as Principal of JLT Beverages L.P., a position he has held since 1996, and, since January 2015, he has served as the Owner/CEO of JLT Automotive Inc. Prior, he served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dr Pepper Bottling Holdings, Inc. and Dr Pepper Bottling Company of Texas since 1985. Mr. Turner was a member of the Board of Directors of The Morningstar Group Inc. prior to our acquisition of that company in 1997. Mr. Turner serves as the Chair of the Board of Trustees of Baylor Scott & White Health ("BSWH"), the largest not-for-profit healthcare system in the State of Texas. He also serves as Chair of BSWH's Finance Committee and as Vice Chair of its Executive Committee.
Mr. Turner also serves on the Boards of Directors of Crown Holdings, Inc., where he serves on the Compensation Committee; Comstock Resources, Inc., where he serves on the Compensation Committee; INSURICA; and Davaco, Inc. In addition, Mr. Turner is a member of the Texas Rangers Baseball Club ownership group.
Mr. Turner's ownership and chairman/CEO experience with various businesses, especially beverage and bottling companies, translates well into our Company's profile as a leading food and beverage company. In addition, his varied board experiences, including with Morningstar and other consumer packaged goods companies, offer helpful insight into both the challenges and growth opportunities facing our business. 
Gregg A. Tanner
Dean Foods Company Director Since November 2012
Chief Executive Officer
Gregg Tanner serves as Chief Executive Officer for Dean Foods Company (NYSE: DF), a role he assumed in October 2012. Prior to serving as CEO, Mr. Tanner served as the Company's Chief Supply Chain Officer and President of the Company's Fresh Dairy Direct division, where he was responsible for all sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution functions for Dean Foods' largest business unit and for supply chain operations for Dean Foods as a whole. Mr. Tanner, who joined Dean Foods in 2007, brings more than 30 years of industry experience to his current role.
In 2012, Mr. Tanner led the effort to combine the commercial and operations functions of the FDD business under a single, aligned leadership team. He ensured effective field-level execution across more than 50 local and regional dairy brands and private labels. During his tenure, he has transformed the Dean Foods supply chain by implementing vital quality and safety practices, instilling a continuous improvement process and mindset across the company's supply chain network, and driving cost savings and efficiencies in production, distribution and procurement.
Prior to joining the company, Mr. Tanner was Senior Vice President, Global Operations with The Hershey Company. Before joining Hershey, Mr. Tanner was Senior Vice President, Retail Supply Chain at ConAgra Foods, Inc. where he directed the entire supply chain for retail products. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tanner held positions at Quaker Oats Company and Ralston Purina Company.
Since 2007, Mr. Tanner has served on the Board of Directors of The Boston Beer Company, Inc., where he is a member of the Audit Committee. He serves as Chair of the Milk Industry Foundation, as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the International Dairy Foods Association, and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Grocery Manufacturers Association. He is a graduate of Kansas State University.
As the Company's Chief Executive Officer, and with his experience in supply chain management, Mr. Tanner provides our Board with invaluable insight regarding the Company's operations and businesses. 
Janet Hill
Hill Family Advisors Director Since December 2001 
Principal
Ms. Hill currently serves as principal at Hill Family Advisors and has served in such position since 2010. Ms. Hill served as Vice President of Alexander & Associates, a corporate consulting firm which she owned, from 1981 until her retirement in 2010. She was originally elected to our Board of Directors in 2001 in connection with our acquisition of Dean Holding Company (formerly known as Dean Foods Company) ("Legacy Dean"), having served on the Board of Legacy Dean since 1997. In addition to our Board, Ms. Hill also serves on the Boards of Directors of The Wendy's Company, where she serves on the Compensation Committee, and Carlyle Group Management L.L.C., the general partner of The Carlyle Group L.P.  She also serves as a trustee of Duke University and serves on the boards of the following non-profit entities: Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics, Kennedy Center, Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts, Military Bowl, and the Underground Railroad Freedom Center.
Ms. Hill brings valuable insight to our Board as a human resources and corporate governance specialist, having co-founded Alexander and Associates where she provided corporate planning advice and analysis to directors, executives and managers in the areas of human resource planning, corporate responsibility, corporate communications and government consultation. In addition, Ms. Hill has extensive experience serving as a director on several other Boards of Directors over the past 20 years, including Nextel (pre-merger), Wendy's (pre-merger), Sprint Nextel Corporation and Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. (post-merger).
J. Wayne Mailloux
Senior Vice President Global Sales PepsiCo, Inc. Director Since May 2009
Mr. Mailloux is the owner of Stonehill Partners Limited, a company engaged in strategy development and business consulting, and has owned the company since 2011. Until January 2014, Mr. Mailloux served as the secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of SCQuARE International USA inc., a private company formed in 2012 that provides consulting services to companies across a broad spectrum of industries. From 1986 to 2004, he served in various roles with PepsiCo, including Senior Vice President Global Sales in Purchase, NY, President of Pepsi Cola Europe/Africa in London, and President of Pepsi Cola Canada Beverages in Toronto. Mr. Mailloux also previously served as President, Seven-Up Montreal Bottling, and President, Seven-Up Canada. He also held leadership positions at Grey Advertising, Cadbury Schweppes Powell Canada, Fromageries Bel and General Foods. Mr. Mailloux is also a member of the Advisory Board of Innovative Green Technologies LLC, a provider of environmentally friendly technology solutions.
Mr. Mailloux's 18-year career with PepsiCo spanned a variety of senior management roles and included extensive general management, sales and marketing experience in both company operations and franchise environments globally. Mr. Mailloux also previously served on the Board of Directors of Ault Dairies Inc., then Canada's largest dairy, prior to its acquisition by Parmalat. His experience in the beverage industry, combined with his global business experience, make him well-qualified to advise our Company as we continue to execute our business strategies. 
Helen E. McCluskey
Former President and Chief Executive Officer The Warnaco Group, Inc. Director Since November 2015 
Ms. McCluskey was President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of The Warnaco Group, Inc. from February 2012 until its acquisition in February 2013 by PVH Corporation.  She served as a director of PVH Corporation from February 2013 until June 2014.  Ms. McCluskey joined Warnaco Group, Inc. in July 2004, serving as its Chief Operating Officer from September 2010 to February 2012 and as Group President from July 2004 to September 2010.  Prior to joining Warnaco, Ms. McCluskey held various positions of increasing responsibility with Firestone Tire & Rubber Company (1977-1983), Playtex Apparel, Inc. (1983-2001) (which was acquired by Sara Lee Corporation in 1991) and Liz Claiborne Inc. (2001-2004).  During her 18-year tenure with Sara Lee Corporation's intimate apparel units, she held executive positions in marketing, operations and general management, including President of Playtex Apparel from 1999 to 2001.  Ms. McCluskey has served as director of the Board of Directors of Avon Products, Inc. since July 2014 and is a member of its Compensation and Management Development Committee and, since August 2013, has served as a director of Signet Jewelers Limited and as a member of its Audit Committee and Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee.  
With her broad background in strategy, business planning and operations derived from her career in consumer businesses, Ms. McCluskey brings valuable skills and insight to the Company. Her experience as a Chief Executive Officer of a global public company provides her with significant expertise in global business matters, corporate leadership and management, allowing her to bring valuable insight to the management of the Company's strategic direction and growth.  Additionally, having built women's brands globally, she contributes a valuable blend of branding, merchandising, and marketing expertise to the Company.
John R. Muse
Kainos Capital, LLC Director Since November 1997 
Chairman
Mr. Muse is currently Chairman of Kainos Capital, LLC (formerly known as HM Capital Partners LLC and prior to that known as Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Incorporated, which he co-founded in 1989), a private equity firm. He also serves as Chairman of Lucchese Boot Company, Inc. a privately-held boot manufacturer, and, since December 2014, as a director of Media General, Inc., one of the nation's largest multimedia companies, where he serves on the Finance Committee. From 1984 to 1989, he was employed at Prudential Securities Inc., where Mr. Muse headed the investment banking operations for the Southwestern region of the United States. Mr. Muse also serves on the Board of Visitors of the UCLA Anderson School of Management.
Mr. Muse has over 30 years of experience in investment banking, including experience in the food and beverage, energy and media sectors. His experience in the food and beverage sector includes service on the boards of several companies, including Earthbound Farms, Inc., an organic farming company, and Advanced H20, LLC, one of the largest producers of private label bottled water and water-based beverages in the United States. In addition to his industry knowledge, Mr. Muse has extensive knowledge of capital markets and finance, which is invaluable to our Board's planning for the Company's capital and liquidity needs.
Hector M. Nevares
Suiza Realty SE Director Since October 1994 
Mr. Nevares currently serves as Managing Partner of Suiza Realty SE, a housing developer in Puerto Rico, and has served in such position since 1993. Until 1997, he served as President of Suiza Dairy, a Puerto Rican dairy processor, having served in additional executive capacities at Suiza Dairy since 1973. Mr. Nevares is also a member of the Boards of Directors of V. Suarez and Co., a major food distributor in Puerto Rico, and of Suiza Realty SE. In addition, Mr. Nevares previously served on the Board of Directors of the Corporation for the Development of the Cantera Peninsula, a government-sponsored development company for a low income area in Puerto Rico; Caribbean Preparatory School, a non-profit educational institution; and First BanCorp, where he served on the Audit, Asset, Liability and Risk Management and Credit Committees.
As head of the former Suiza Dairy, Mr. Nevares has significant experience in the dairy industry, which is invaluable in connection with analyzing and assessing the strategic direction of the Company. Mr. Nevares also has extensive experience evaluating financial statements at First BanCorp, and supervising persons engaged in preparing and analyzing financial statements as the President of Suiza Dairy. These skills serve him well as a member of the Company's Audit Committee.
B. Craig Owens
Former Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Vice President Campbell Soup Company Director since November 2015
Mr. Owens was the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Vice President of Campbell Soup Company from 2008 until his retirement in April 2014.  From 2001 to 2008, Mr. Owens served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Delhaize Group, an international food retailer headquartered in Belgium.  Prior, he was employed by The Coca-Cola Company and its key franchisees from 1981 to 2001 and served in various management roles of increasing importance, including as Finance Director (CFO) for Coca-Cola Beverages plc from 1998-2000.  Mr. Owens has served on the Board of Directors of J.C. Penney Company, Inc. since October 2014, where he is a member of its Audit Committee, Finance and Planning Committee and the Committee of the Whole.  From December 2011 through August 2015, he served as a director of Pall Corporation and chaired its Audit Committee from January 2013 through August 2015.  Additionally, Mr. Owens has served as a director of United States Cold Storage, Inc., a private company, since June 2014, and, since 2013, has served on the Board of Trustees of Washington & Lee University and the Board of Directors of Friends' Central School (Philadelphia).  
Mr. Owens has extensive experience in the consumer food and beverage industries and considerable knowledge of the retail industry.  He brings significant financial expertise to the Board, including all aspects of financial reporting, accounting, corporate finance and capital markets, as well as significant experience in strategic planning, business integration and operations, and in managing supply chain organizations.
Robert T. Wiseman
Robert Wiseman Dairies Limited Director Since February 2013
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Robert Wiseman Dairies
Mr. Wiseman is a private investor who previously served as the Chief Executive of Robert Wiseman & Sons PLC from 2002 to February 2012, when he sold Robert Wiseman & Sons PLC to the Müller Group. Following the sale, he served as a Non-Executive Director of Robert Wiseman Dairies Limited, Great Britain's largest fresh liquid milk processor, until August 2013. Mr. Wiseman joined Robert Wiseman & Sons Limited, in 1975 and held positions of increasing responsibility, including Managing Director, after the company began trading on the London Stock Exchange. Since November 2014, Mr. Wiseman has served on the Board of Directors of Ingleby Farms & Forests A/S, a privately-held company that manages mixed farms worldwide.
Mr. Wiseman's extensive experience in the international dairy industry is invaluable to understanding the operations of our Company, including efficiencies with our assets that we may identify and potential growth opportunities.
Gregg A. Tanner
Dean Foods Company Director Since November 2012
Chief Executive Officer
Gregg Tanner serves as Chief Executive Officer for Dean Foods Company (NYSE: DF), a role he assumed in October 2012. Prior to serving as CEO, Mr. Tanner served as the Company's Chief Supply Chain Officer and President of the Company's Fresh Dairy Direct division, where he was responsible for all sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution functions for Dean Foods' largest business unit and for supply chain operations for Dean Foods as a whole. Mr. Tanner, who joined Dean Foods in 2007, brings more than 30 years of industry experience to his current role.
In 2012, Mr. Tanner led the effort to combine the commercial and operations functions of the FDD business under a single, aligned leadership team. He ensured effective field-level execution across more than 50 local and regional dairy brands and private labels. During his tenure, he has transformed the Dean Foods supply chain by implementing vital quality and safety practices, instilling a continuous improvement process and mindset across the company's supply chain network, and driving cost savings and efficiencies in production, distribution and procurement.
Prior to joining the company, Mr. Tanner was Senior Vice President, Global Operations with The Hershey Company. Before joining Hershey, Mr. Tanner was Senior Vice President, Retail Supply Chain at ConAgra Foods, Inc. where he directed the entire supply chain for retail products. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tanner held positions at Quaker Oats Company and Ralston Purina Company.
Since 2007, Mr. Tanner has served on the Board of Directors of The Boston Beer Company, Inc., where he is a member of the Audit Committee. He serves as Chair of the Milk Industry Foundation, as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the International Dairy Foods Association, and as a member of the Board of Directors of the . He is a graduate of Kansas State University.
As the Company's Chief Executive Officer, and with his experience in supply chain management, Mr. Tanner provides our Board with invaluable insight regarding the Company's operations and businesses. 
Chris Bellairs
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Bellairs joined Dean Foods in 2008 as Vice President of Finance, Supply Chain and assumed his current responsibilities on March 1, 2013. Prior to joining Dean Foods, Mr. Bellairs worked at PepsiCo, Inc., a global food and beverage company, from 1996 to 2004, where he most recently served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Foodservice and Vending division and led the financial integration of the Quaker Oats, Gatorade and Tropicana brands. Prior to joining PepsiCo, he worked at Procter & Gamble in various finance management roles and served as divisional Chief Financial Officer at Expedia, Inc. and Iron Mountain Incorporated and in a senior leadership role at The University of Notre Dame. Mr. Bellairs was an intelligence officer in the US Army for six years.
Brad Cashaw
Executive Vice President, Supply Chain
Mr. Cashaw joined Dean Foods in March 2016 as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and is responsible for oversight of both the Operations and Logistics functions of the Company. He has over 25 years of supply chain experience in the consumer packaged goods industry. Prior to joining Dean Foods, Mr. Cashaw served as Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. from October 2013 to August 2015 and as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain of Kellogg Company from April 2012 to October 2013. Prior to that, he held positions of increasing responsibility with PepsiCo, Inc. where he last served as its Vice President, Supply Chain and NA Operations, Quaker Foods and Snacks from 2008 to 2012.
Craig McCutcheon 
Senior Vice President, Logistics 
As Senior Vice President, Logistics, Mr. McCutcheon leads all transportation and logistics operations for our nationwide distribution network, a position he assumed in 2014. Prior to that, he led our Continuous Improvement and Business Optimization activities as Vice President, Continuous Improvement from 2006 to 2014. Mr. McCutcheon is one of Dean Foods' most seasoned veterans with more than 34 years of experience in various locations, functions and roles. He began his career in 1980 with Flav-o-Rich Dairy in Georgia, and later joined Mayfield Dairy, which was acquired by Dean Foods. He has served as a Distribution Supervisor, Branch Manager, Sales and Operations Manager, and General Manager, in various locations in the Southeast and in Ohio. 
Brian Murphy
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Brian Murphy serves as Chief Information Officer of Dean Foods, where he is responsible for the Company's information technology and infrastructure capabilities. Mr. Murphy first joined Dean Foods in 2010 as Vice President, Supply Chain IT. He later served as Chief Information Officer for the Company's Morningstar Foods business unit, and continued in that role after Dean Foods sold Morningstar Foods to Saputo Inc. in early 2013. He returned to Dean Foods in his current role in September 2013. Prior to Dean Foods, he served in various IT, supply chain, logistics and engineering roles, both in the U.S. and internationally, at T-Mobile, Whirlpool Corporation and Colgate Palmolive Limited. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Momentx Corporation, the parent company of Dairy.com, a leading provider of market intelligence and software-as-a-service solutions for the dairy industry.
Ralph Scozzafava
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Scozzafava joined Dean Foods in October 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. He was promoted to his current position in October 2015. In his current role, Mr. Scozzafava oversees the Commercial functions of Sales, Marketing, and R&D along with Operations & Procurement and Logistics.
Mr. Scozzafava served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Furniture Brands International, Inc. from May 2008 to November 2013 and as the Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - designate from June 2007 to January 2008. Prior to that, he was employed at Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company, where he held several positions, including serving as Vice President - Worldwide Commercial Operations from March 2006 to June 2007, and as Vice President & Managing Director - North America/Pacific from January 2004 to March 2006. Prior to joining Wrigley, Mr. Scozzafava served in sales, marketing and merchandising positions at Campbell Soup Company, Clorox Company, and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Scozzafava also serves on the Board of Directors of Stage Stores, Inc., where he is a member of the Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee.
Kim Warmbier
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
Ms. Warmbier joined Dean Foods in May 2012 as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Fresh Dairy Direct. She was promoted to her current position in November 2012. Prior to Dean Foods, Ms. Warmbier served as the Senior Vice President, Human Resources, for JCPenney where she led human resource professionals supporting more than 150,000 associates in supply chain, stores, and corporate. Her experience also includes more than 20 years in the consumer packaged goods industry with PepsiCo, where she led the HR PepsiCo Customer teams for the company's five North American sales divisions including Frito-Lay, Pepsi, Tropicana, Quaker Oats, and Gatorade. Ms. Warmbier currently serves on the North Texas Food Bank Board of Directors and is a member of their NTFB Finance and Executive Committees. She is a former member of the Board of Directors of Girl Scouts Northeast Texas, a nonprofit organization, where she served on the CEO Selection Committee.
The Dean Foods Board of Directors currently maintains four committees to assist in oversight responsibilities.
View the Dean Foods Code of Ethics.
©2011, Dean Foods