Trainer Bios of Ally's Performance Development Courses | Ally Auto


Trainer Bios
Trainer Bios
Pam Barker
With 38 years of experience on the retail and wholesale side, Pam is focused on delivering comprehensive, engaging and impactful training to dealers. Her sales and F&I background makes it possible for her to guide participants through engaging and informed discussions designed to highlight industry solutions and best practices that they can take back to their dealership.
Bill Cannon
With 40 years of retail and training experience, Bill brings a unique understanding of dealership operations and management to the Ally team. This combination makes him an asset to the delivery of Managing Retail Operations (MRO). "My goal is to make it possible for you to improve yourself and those around you. I will make you a better manager."
Sandi Dixon
'Passionate' is how one would describe Sandi on providing coaching to the F&I Managers, Sales Managers, and sales departments. With 30+ years of experience, Sandi helps dealerships make the most of every training interaction. In her words, "It's not about what you hear me say, but what you do with the information you've received."
Harvey DeWayne Fisher, Jr.
With 35 years of hands-on, results-oriented executive management experience in the automotive industry, Harvey prides himself on being able to see the big picture. His ability to clarify issues and thoughtfully discuss potential solutions has been beneficial to his role on the Ally Performance Development team, and makes him a valuable asset to dealer relations and training.
Malcolm Forte, III
A GM Dealer graduate, Malcolm brings over 30 years of retail automotive experience and progressive leadership expertise to the Ally team. Malcolm is accomplished in dealership, organizational and employee development, process development, management and continuous improvement, with specific knowledge of variable and fixed operations management, business development, and in-dealership coaching/consulting.
K. Shep Hjelm
With a history that spans customer relations, special collections, retail sales, leasing and wholesale financial management, Shep has always helped dealers find tools designed to help maximize investments and improve the bottom line. His greatest satisfaction over his 35+ years of experience is watching clients connect with a concept and begin to see how it can work for them.
Mitch Kleber
Mitch takes great pride in a 30 year foundation that includes retail, financial, commercial lending, leasing and sales experience. As an AFIP and Communispond certified trainer, Mitch instills his desire to learn in those around him, and helps to guide them toward success in their dealership roles.
Courtney Hennessey
With 8 years of dealership experience and a formal teaching background, Courtney provides relevant, real-world based training. She focuses on providing dealers with practical tools and processes to use in sales, finance, and the business development center.
Clay Nelson
"The best dealership personnel never stop learning," is a philosophy that Clay has tested and proven in his 20+ years of automotive industry experience. Having developed and delivered challenging and impactful training, Clay brings an engaging style and credibility to every interaction, including Ally's unique Managing Retail Operations (MRO) training course.
Sheree Rotterman
Sheree brings a hands-on understanding of the selling process to her 35 years of experience in the automotive arena. She lends this expertise in sales and leasing seminars, F&I training programs and management workshops. "My core objective is having a positive impact on your dealership business. I firmly believe that excellence is not a skill – it's an attitude."
Bill Tierney
With 30 years in the automotive business, Bill brings unique insight to his role as a trainer. His executive sales and management background allows him to help others increase their earning potential by focusing on superior customer service. His personal interests in helping others succeed make him a valued member of the Ally professional team.
M. Jerry Vick
Throughout his 28 year career, Jerry refined his skills and expertise while working in the dealership environment. With experience in retail underwriting, commercial lending, sales, marketing, training, and branch management, he takes great enjoyment in helping dealers and their employees achieve new levels of success by sharing their best practices and experiences.
Clark Zaft
With 22 years of auto finance experience and United States Air Force training, Clark blends his knowledge of F&I products and services with strong motivational and team building skills. This combined with retail automotive consulting experience makes him a valuable asset to Ally training participants.
Dealer Loans
Ally Dealer Rewards
Ally TIME Dealer of the Year
Dealer Portal Login
New to the Dealer Portal?
Login Help
Please call the Dealer Help Desk at 1-866-766-4622.
Dealer Help Desk:
Dealer Services Tools
Dealer Portal Quick Start Guide
Ally Dealer User Management
Residual Value Lease Guide (RVLG)
Ally Buyer's Choice Calculator
Ally Buyer's Choice Quick Links