Sysco | 
            
            About Sysco | 
            
        
        Our Management


Bill DeLaney
Chief Executive Officer
Bill assumed the role of President and CEO for the corporation in 2010, having become CEO and a member of Sysco’s Board of Directors in 2009. He began his Sysco career in 1987 as Assistant Treasurer at Sysco’s corporate headquarters in Houston.  He was promoted to Treasurer in 1991, and in 1993, was named a Vice President of the corporation, continuing in that role until 1994.  He joined Sysco Syracuse in 1996 as CFO, progressed to Senior Vice President in 1998 and Executive Vice President in 2002.  In 2004, Bill moved to Sysco Charlotte as President and CEO.  He returned to Houston in 2007 and, subsequently, was named Executive Vice President and CFO of the corporation, a position he held for two years before being promoted to CEO. Bill also serves on the Board of Directors of Express Scripts, Inc., The Center for Houston’s Future and the Greater Houston Partnership.
Jackie L. Ward
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
A Sysco director since September 2001, Jackie is the seventh chairman in Sysco's history. She has served as the board’s lead director, chaired the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and served on the Compensation Committee. Jackie is the former chairman, president and chief executive officer of Computer Generation Incorporated (CGI). She currently is a director on the boards of Flower Foods, Inc. and Sanmina-SCI Corporation. Previously, she was a director of Bank of America Corporation, Equifax Inc. and WellPoint, Inc.
Brian Beach
Senior Vice President and President - Sysco Ventures
Brian joined Sysco in early 2011 from the University of Florida, where he was Senior Vice President-Administration and Business Ventures, and Chief of Staff to the President. In his current role, Brian leads Sysco’s pursuit and development of strategic foodservice opportunities, particularly in the areas of restaurant technology and applications. He began his career in 1991 at Ernst & Young as a Senior Consultant, followed by roles at Allen C. Ewing & Co. Investment Bankers, Synagen Capital Partners and SI Ventures, a technology-focused venture capital firm.
Tom Bené
President and Chief Operating Officer
As President and Chief Operating Officer, Tom oversees all of Sysco’s business operations, commercial functions and the supply chain organization. The areas for which Tom is responsible include U.S. and International Broadline operations, SYGMA, specialty meat and seafood companies, FreshPoint, Sysco Guest Supply, European Imports, Merchandising, Sales, Marketing, Shared Services, Revenue Management, Inbound Logistics, Distribution Services, Facilities and Enterprise Asset Management. He joined Sysco in April 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer and was later named Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. In 2015, he became Executive Vice President and President - Foodservice Operations. He spent the previous 23 years in positions of increasing responsibility at PepsiCo, where he was President of the North American foodservice business.
Greg Bertrand
Senior Vice President - Foodservice Operations (West)
Greg has leadership oversight responsibility for Sysco’s foodservice operations in the Midwest, Southwest, Rocky Mountain and Pacific markets. Between January 2014 and June 2015, he led the Business Process merger integration efforts for Sales, Marketing, Merchandising and Operations, as part of the proposed Sysco-US Foods merger. Greg began his Sysco career in 1991 as a Marketing Associate at Sysco Chicago where he advanced through several sales leadership positions, before becoming Vice President-Sales in 1997 and Senior Vice President-Sales in 1998. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in 1999. In 2005, he was named President-Sysco Eastern Wisconsin. He became President-Sysco Chicago in 2008 and took on the added responsibilities of leading Sysco Eastern Wisconsin and Sysco Baraboo in 2009. Greg was promoted to Market Vice President-Midwest in 2010 and then to Senior Vice President-Foodservice Operations (West) in 2012.
Scott Charlton
Executive Vice President - Supply Chain
Scott oversees Sysco’s end-to-end supply chain capability, specifically as it pertains to inbound and outbound warehouse and delivery operations across the company’s footprint. Before joining Sysco in 2013, he spent six years as executive vice president at C&S Wholesale Grocers, where he was instrumental in leading and engaging a team that implemented numerous warehouse efficiencies resulting in significant operating expense reductions and new revenue opportunities. Previously, he spent more than two decades at Publix Super Markets, Inc.
Bob Davis
Senior Vice President - Foodservice Operations (East)
Bob has oversight responsibility for Sysco’s foodservice operations in the Mid-Atlantic, Mideast, Northeast and Southeast markets. He began his Sysco career in 1974 at Sysco Rome, the predecessor company to Sysco Atlanta. He progressed through a variety of sales and management positions, before being named Executive Vice President in 1983 and then President in 1985. In 1990, he assumed the role of Executive Vice President at Sysco’s facility in Asheville, N.C., and was named President the following year. Bob then served as President - Sysco Charlotte from 1997 to 2004, when he was promoted to Senior Vice President-Contract Sales at Sysco Corporate in Houston. He returned to Sysco Atlanta in 2009 and Vice President - Foodservice Operations, Southeast Region, the following year, where he remained until being promoted to his current position in 2012. 
Bill Day
Executive Vice President - Merchandising and Shared Services
Bill oversees Sysco’s merchandising functions, which includes product procurement, sourcing, quality assurance, and the European Imports business. He also oversees Sysco’s shared services functions. Before that, Bill was Executive Vice President-Merchandising and Supply Chain. He began his Sysco career in 1983 as a Staff Accountant at Sysco Memphis. He moved to Sysco Corporate in 1987, and in 1991, led the deployment of a new company-wide operating system. He was promoted to Assistant Controller and became a corporate officer in 1999. Bill initiated the company’s Re-Distribution Center concept in 2000 and was promoted to Vice President-Supply Chain Management in 2003. He was promoted to Senior Vice President-Supply Chain Management in 2007 and took on the additional responsibilities of the company’s Merchandising activities in 2009, roles he held until being promoted to his current position. 
Bill Goetz
Senior Vice President - Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer
Bill oversees Sysco’s marketing efforts, including brand management, advertising, customer insights, segment marketing, and E-commerce. He joined Sysco as Senior Vice President-Marketing in early 2012. Bill began his career in 1986 as a management trainee at Cintas Corporation and progressed through a series of management roles before becoming the company’s Vice President-Marketing and Merchandising. In 2003, he joined ECOLAB Corporation as Vice President-Corporate Marketing and later became Vice President-International Marketing. In 2006, he returned to Cintas as Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. Two years later he assumed the role of President and Chief Operations Officer-Global Accounts and Strategic Markets, a position he held until leaving the company to join Sysco. 
Joel Grade
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Joel oversees the functions of Field Finance (U.S. and Canada), Commercial Finance, Financial Planning & Analysis, Financial Reporting and Shared Services Accounting. After beginning his career at Sysco as a Staff Auditor in 1996, Joel was promoted to Assistant Manager-Operations Review in 1999. He moved to Sysco Austin in 2000 as Controller, was promoted to Vice President-Finance and CFO-Sysco Chicago in 2002, and became Vice President-Finance and CFO of Sysco Canada in 2007. He was promoted to Corporate Vice President and President-Sysco Canada in 2010 and then became Senior Vice President-Foodservice Operations, North Region in 2012.
Alan Hasty
Senior Vice President - Merchandising
Alan was promoted to Senior Vice President-Merchandising in 2010. He began his Sysco career in 1981 as a Marketing Associate for Sysco Orlando and held various sales and merchandising positions, before being promoted in 1985 to Vice President-Merchandising at Sysco North Carolina. In 1990, he transferred to Sysco Virginia, and was appointed Executive Vice President in 1993. He was promoted to President and CEO in 1995. Alan was named President and CEO of Sysco Cleveland in 2004 and took on added responsibilities as CEO of Sysco Cincinnati, Sysco Central Ohio and Sysco Pittsburgh in 2009, until being promoted to his current position.
Nehl Horton
Senior Vice President and Chief Communications and Government Relations Officer
Nehl joined Sysco in October 2014 as Senior Vice President and Chief Communications and Government Relations Officer responsible for communications and government relations strategy and execution. Prior to that, he was with MillerCoors/Miller Brewing Company since 2005, serving most recently as Chief Public Affairs and Communications Officer. Before then, Nehl led global media relations at Novartis, served in a senior media relations leadership capacity at Pfizer, and managed numerous government relations and public affairs activities within The Coca-Cola Company over a 10-year period. Prior to working in the corporate sector, he was involved in journalism, government and political affairs.
G. Kent Humphries
Senior Vice President - Foodservice Operations, International
Kent was named to the newly created role of Senior Vice President - Foodservice Operations, International, in March 2014. In this role, Kent has direct responsibility for Sysco Canada, Pallas Foods, Bahamas Foodservice, and International Food Group, and will continue to work closely on business development opportunities outside of the U.S. Prior to this, he served as Corporate Senior Vice President and President - Sysco San Francisco. Kent began his Sysco career in 1972 as a Marketing Associate with the company’s Albany operations. He was named General Manager of Sysco’s Horseheads, NY, division in 1978. Three years later, he returned to Albany as Executive Vice President and in 1983 was promoted to President - Sysco Syracuse. In 1996 he was appointed President - Sysco Baltimore. He was promoted to Senior Vice President - Canadian Foodservice Operations in 2007. In 2010, Kent was appointed Senior Vice President - Contract Sales and CEO of Sysco Canada, a position he held before assuming the role at Sysco San Francisco in 2013.
Ajoy Karna
Senior Vice President - Finance
Ajoy joined Sysco in 2012 and is responsible for Treasury, Capital, M&A execution, Credit, Tax and Audit. Prior to joining Sysco, Ajoy served in various financial leadership positions at PepsiCo and its Frito Lay subsidiary. At Frito Lay, he was Senior Vice President and Vice President-Finance where he was responsible for numerous Finance areas as well as Pricing and Selling/G&A. He also was Senior Vice President-Mergers and Acquisitions in PepsiCo’s corporate group between 2006 and 2009.  Prior to that, Ajoy spent nine years at The Quaker Oats Company in a number of leadership roles.
Russell Libby
Executive Vice President - Administration and Corporate Secretary
Russell oversees the functions of Legal, Communications, Government Relations, Compliance, Enterprise Risk Management, Business Development, Corporate Social Responsibility and Strategic Business Planning. He also serves as Corporate Secretary. He joined Sysco in 2007 as Assistant Vice President-Mergers & Acquisitions and Real Estate and was promoted to Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in early 2011. Russell began his career in 1991 with Arnall Golden Gregory, LLP, in Atlanta, and has held leadership positions at Liuski International, Inc., a computer distribution and manufacturing company, COFRA Holding A.G., a Swiss international conglomerate, and Good Energies, Inc., an investment advisor. 
Paul Moskowitz
Executive Vice President - Human Resources
Paul leads Sysco’s human resources efforts across the company enterprise.  He joined Sysco in 2011, after serving as Chief Human Resources Officer at Dean Foods, a role he held since 2007. He began his career in 1988 as a compensation consultant at Towers Perrin. Paul joined Brinker International in 1992, where he progressed through a series of roles with increasing responsibility. He then held management positions with two other premier restaurant companies, Darden Restaurants, Inc. and Yum! Brands, Inc., before assuming the role of Chief People Officer at Pizza Hut USA.
Wayne Shurts
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Wayne joined Sysco in October 2012, after serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for SUPERVALU. Prior to that, he was with Cadbury Schweppes, first serving as Senior Vice President-Information Technology and then becoming CIO in 2008. He began his career in 1981 as a management trainee at Nabisco, where he stayed for 20 years, progressing through a series of roles with increasing responsibility, including Vice President-Sales Operations, Vice President-North American Supply Chain Process and Vice President-e-Business. He left Nabisco to become president of the Principles Group, a consulting firm, where he assisted companies such as IBM, Avaya, and Johnson & Johnson with technology-enabled business transformation strategies.
Adam Skorecki
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Prior to joining Sysco in 2014, Adam was a Partner in the Mergers and Acquisition practice at Arnall Golden Gregory (AGG), which he joined in 1982. A seasoned corporate attorney, he played a prominent role in representing Sysco’s interests across numerous fronts over several years. Adam is responsible for Sysco’s Legal areas that include Contracts, Litigation, Employment, Mergers & Acquisitions, and ERISA/Benefits.
Scott Sonnemaker
Senior Vice President - Sales and Chief Customer Officer
Scott has oversight responsibility for Sysco’s multi-regional and nationwide corporate-managed customers, as well as developing and executing Sysco’s entire sales agenda, including initiatives focusing on local customers. He was promoted to Senior Vice President-Sales in July 2012. He began his career at Sysco in 1996 as Director-Merchandising, Disposables at the company’s corporate headquarters in Houston. He transferred to Sysco Portland in 1998 to become Vice President-Merchandising and Marketing. Scott held roles of increasing responsibility in Portland, ultimately being named President and CEO in 2001. In 2008, he was promoted to Senior Vice President-Foodservice Operations (West), a position he held until being promoted to his current role.
Chef-Ref App
Sysco is the global leader in selling, marketing and distributing food products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other customers who prepare meals away from home. Its family of products also includes equipment and supplies for the foodservice and hospitality industries. The company operates 196 distribution facilities serving approximately 425,000 customers. For Fiscal Year 2015 that ended June 27, 2015, the company generated sales of more than $48 billion. Connect with Sysco on Facebook at www.facebook.com/SyscoCorporation or Twitter at https://twitter.com/Sysco.