
Login,  Search Facebook Twitter Wordpress Youtube Locate a Facility Contact Us About Our Company Career Opportunities Corporate Governance Investor Relations Investor Relations Home / Investor Relations / Directors & Officers Executive Officers R. Milton Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer R. Milton Johnson is chairman and chief executive officer of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA. David G. Anderson Senior Vice President - Finance David G. Anderson is senior vice president, finance of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services.  He is responsible for HCA’s treasury functions, including corporate finance, investment, cash management and ongoing relationships with the financial community. Anderson began his career with Humana Inc. as a manager of finance in 1978.  By March of 1993, he was the vice president of finance and treasurer of Galen Healthcare, a spin-off of Humana that was later acquired by HCA. Anderson assumed his current position in July 1998. Victor L. Campbell Senior Vice President Victor L. Campbell is senior vice president of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Campbell’s primary responsibilities include government and investor relations. Prior to joining HCA, Campbell worked from 1969 to 1972 in the treasurer’s department of E.I. du Pont de Nemours in Wilmington, Delaware. He joined HCA’s finance department in 1972 and established the company’s investor relations function in 1976. Campbell was named senior vice president in 1994. Ravi Chari Senior Vice President - Clinical Excellence Dr. Ravi Chari is senior vice president of clinical excellence for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. In this role, Dr. Chari leads the company’s Clinical Excellence program and Physician Leadership Academy, which develops physician leaders within the organization.  Michael Cuffe President - Physician Services Group Dr. Michael S. Cuffe is the president of the Physician Services Group for Nashville, Tennessee-based, HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. The Physician Services Group currently oversees more than 9,000 providers, 4,100 in direct and foundation employment models and more than 5,000 via joint ventures, and handles physician strategy, urgent care, recruiting, graduate medical education and practice management for HCA. Jana J. Davis Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs Jana J. Davis is Senior Vice President –Corporate Affairs of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Her responsibilities include all corporate communications, marketing management, community relations, diversity and inclusion, HCA Hope Fund and HCA Foundation at HCA. Jane Englebright, PhD, RN CENP, FAAN Senior Vice President and Chief Nurse Executive Jane D. Englebright is senior vice president and chief nursing officer for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. A nationally recognized nursing leader, Dr. Englebright provides professional leadership for facility chief nursing officers across HCA and approximately 80,000 nurses working in HCA hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other sites of care. She also leads HCA’s CNO Council in advancing a nursing agenda for leadership, evidence-based practice and performance improvement, innovation, partnership and accountability.  Jon M. Foster President – American Group Jon M. Foster is President - American Group of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for 80 of HCA’s hospital operations in Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Northwest Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. Charles J. Hall President – National Group Chuck Hall is National Group President of Nashville, Tenn.-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for HCA’s operations in 12 states, which currently includes 81 hospitals. Samuel N. Hazen Chief Operating Officer Sam Hazen is chief operating officer for HCA, which is based in Nashville, Tennessee and is the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Hazen oversees the company’s operations, which include approximately 168 hospitals, 116 ambulatory surgery centers, numerous outpatient facilities, and various physician practices across its 42 domestic markets and in the United Kingdom.   1 2 3 next › last » Search Search this site: Advanced Search Stock Webcasts HCA Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results 7/28/16 9:00 am - 10:00 am CDT Goldman Sachs 37th Annual Global Healthcare Conference 6/7/16 4:40 pm - 5:15 pm CDT Presentations Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2016 Health Care Conference 5/11/16 10:40 am - 11:10 am CDT HCA Reports First Quarter 2016 Results 5/3/16 10:00 am - 11:00 am CDT Investor Center Home Corporate Profile Press Releases Corporate Governance Board Composition Executive Officers Stock Information Annual Reports SEC Filings Presentations and Webcasts Conferences Earnings Events Calendar Investor FAQs Investor Contacts Investor Information Request Form Legal Notices Investor Resources Registration Login,  Media Requests Email Alerts RSS Feeds QuickFinder Social Media Giving Back About Us Our History Healthy Work Environment Pricing and Financial Information Career Opportunities Find a Career Now Where do you Fit Who is HCA Question Investor Relations Company Information News & Events Corporate Governance Financials/SEC Filings Investor Relations Services Glossary Corporate Governance HCA Board of Directors & Officers Committee Charters HCA Certificate of Incorporation/Bylaws Related Links TwitterYouTube Giving Back HCA Holdings, Inc. One Park Plaza Nashville, TN 37203 (615) 344-9551Copyright 1995- , HCA Management Services, L.P. The terms "HCA" or the "Company" as used in this website refer to HCA Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context. The term "facilities" refers to entities owned or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of HCA Holdings, Inc. References herein to "HCA employees" or to "our employees" refer to employees of affiliates of HCA Holdings, Inc.terms and conditions | privacy | HCA Code of Conduct
R. Milton Johnson,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  R. Milton Johnson,  is chairman and chief executive officer of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA.
David G. Anderson,  Senior Vice President - Finance,  David G. Anderson,  is senior vice president, finance of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services.  He is responsible for HCA’s treasury functions, including corporate finance, investment, cash management and ongoing relationships with the financial community. Anderson began his career with Humana Inc. as a manager of finance in 1978.  By March of 1993, he was the vice president of finance and treasurer of Galen Healthcare, a spin-off of Humana that was later acquired by HCA. Anderson assumed his current position in July 1998.
Victor L. Campbell,  Senior Vice President,  Victor L. Campbell,  is senior vice president of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Campbell’s primary responsibilities include government and investor relations. Prior to joining HCA, Campbell worked from 1969 to 1972 in the treasurer’s department of E.I. du Pont de Nemours in Wilmington, Delaware. He joined HCA’s finance department in 1972 and established the company’s investor relations function in 1976. Campbell was named senior vice president in 1994.
Ravi Chari,  Senior Vice President - Clinical Excellence,  Dr. Ravi Chari,  is senior vice president of clinical excellence for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. In this role, Dr. Chari leads the company’s Clinical Excellence program and Physician Leadership Academy, which develops physician leaders within the organization. 
Michael Cuffe,  President - Physician Services Group,  Dr. Michael S. Cuffe is the president of the Physician Services Group for Nashville, Tennessee-based, HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. The Physician Services Group currently oversees more than 9,000 providers, 4,100 in direct and foundation employment models and more than 5,000 via joint ventures, and handles physician strategy, urgent care, recruiting, graduate medical education and practice management for HCA., 
Jana J. Davis,  Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs,  Jana J. Davis,  is Senior Vice President –Corporate Affairs of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Her responsibilities include all corporate communications, marketing management, community relations, diversity and inclusion, HCA Hope Fund and HCA Foundation at HCA.
Jane Englebright, PhD, RN CENP, FAAN,  Senior Vice President and Chief Nurse Executive,  Jane D. Englebright is senior vice president and chief nursing officer for Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. A nationally recognized nursing leader, Dr. Englebright provides professional leadership for facility chief nursing officers across HCA and approximately 80,000 nurses working in HCA hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other sites of care. She also leads HCA’s CNO Council in advancing a nursing agenda for leadership, evidence-based practice and performance improvement, innovation, partnership and accountability. 
Jon M. Foster,  President – American Group,  Jon M. Foster,  is President - American Group of Nashville, Tennessee-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for 80 of HCA’s hospital operations in Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Northwest Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.
Charles J. Hall,  President – National Group,  Chuck Hall is National Group President of Nashville, Tenn.-based HCA, the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. He is responsible for HCA’s operations in 12 states, which currently includes 81 hospitals.
Samuel N. Hazen,  Chief Operating Officer,  Sam Hazen is chief operating officer for HCA, which is based in Nashville, Tennessee and is the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services. Hazen oversees the company’s operations, which include approximately 168 hospitals, 116 ambulatory surgery centers, numerous outpatient facilities, and various physician practices across its 42 domestic markets and in the United Kingdom.  
HCA Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results,  7/28/16 9:00 am - 10:00 am CDT, 
Corporate Governance,  Board Composition Executive Officers
Board Composition,  Executive Officers, 
http://investor.hcahealthcare.com/corporate_governance/directors_officers