
MDC-LEN-PRDWB02.mdcdmz.com,  Login/Register Login to my Lennar Login Forgot your password? Cancel or Sign in with your social account Don't have an account? Create one Forgot Your Password? Enter the email address that was used to create your account. If found in our system, password reset url will be emailed to this account. Send Cancel Thank You! An email has been sent to your account with password reset url. Please follow the instruction to update your password. Close Lennar Find a home About Lennar myLennar Contact us Search Core values Products & services Community involvement Leadership team Markets & social Careers Home About Lennar Leadership Team Leadership team Our management team is comprised of an entrepreneurial group of innovative leaders and industry experts, from all backgrounds including homebuilding, mortgage, land development, and asset management. Each associate represents Lennar’s core beliefs of Quality, Value and Integrity for our associates, customers, partners and shareholders. Meet the men and women who make up the Lennar leadership team. Lennar Corporate Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is headquartered in Miami, Florida and is one of the nation’s leading builders of quality new homes. Corporate enterprises also include multifamily communities, commercial properties, land development, financial services and asset management. Stuart Miller Chief Executive Officer Rick Beckwitt President Jon Jaffe Vice President & Chief Operating Officer Bruce Gross Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Diane Bessette Vice President & Treasurer Mark Sustana Secretary & General Counsel Michael Petrolino Vice President - Taxation David Collins Controller   Carl Garraffo Chief Human Resource Officer Laura Lete Chief Information Officer    Kay Howard Director - Communications    David Kaiserman President - Lennar Ventures Lennar Homebuilding and Land Lennar builds affordable, move-up and retirement homes in Communities that cater to almost any lifestyle – such as urban, golf course, Active Adult or suburban Communities. Fred Rothman Regional President Rob Hutton Regional President Jeff Roos Regional President Greg McGuff Regional President Lennar Multifamily Communities Founded in 2011, Lennar Multifamily offers rental apartment communities nationwide for those who aren't yet ready to buy a home. Todd Farrell President Ed Easley Regional President FivePoint Communities FivePoint Communities manages the development of some of the largest mixed-use, planned communities within several metropolitan markets in California. Emile Haddad President and Chief Executive Officer Erik Higgins Chief Financial Officer Mike White Treasurer Lynn Jochim Executive Vice President Lennar Financial Services Including Universal American Mortgage Company, North American Title Company, Eagle Home Mortgage, North American Advantage Insurance, North American Title Insurance Company, and Lennar Communications Ventures. Lennar Financial Services simplifies the entire homebuying process by providing everything from title, mortgage, closing services and more. Jimmy Timmons President, Universal American Mortgage Company and Eagle Home Mortgage, Inc. Tom Fischer  President, North American Title Group, Inc. Rialto Capital Management Rialto is a real estate investment and asset management company with a broad platform of seasoned professionals with deep industry experience. Jeff Krasnoff Chief Executive Officer Jay Mantz President Brett Ersoff President, Rialto Mortgage Finance John Herman Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Rialto Mortgage Finance SunStreet Energy Group SunStreet Energy Group delivers state-of-the-art solar systems without the high cost of ownership to new home buyers. David Kaiserman Chief Executive Officer Emily Frager Chief Marketing Officer Lennar International As international buyers increasingly point to the United States as a real estate destination, Lennar is well positioned to meet those buyers’ needs. Chris Marlin President X Find the best Lennar home for you in one of the 19 states with beautiful Lennar communities: Arizona: Phoenix Tucson California: Bakersfield Fresno / Central Valley Inland Empire Los Angeles Orange County Palm Springs / Coachella Sacramento San Diego San Francisco / Bay Area Valencia Colorado: Denver Delaware: Millsboro Florida: Clermont Ft. Lauderdale Jacksonville / St. Augustine Melbourne/Viera Miami Naples / Ft. Myers Orlando Palm Beach Sarasota / Manatee Tampa Treasure Coast Winter Haven Georgia: Atlanta Maryland: Baltimore/DC Metro Minnesota: Minneapolis / St. Paul Nevada: Las Vegas Reno New Jersey: Burlington Township Mays Landing Monroe Township Rockaway Township South Brunswick Township Tinton Falls Township Weehawken New York: Orange County North Carolina: Charlotte Raleigh Oregon: Portland Pennsylvania: Bucks County Chester County Delaware County Montgomery County South Carolina: Charleston Charlotte Myrtle Beach Tennessee: Nashville Texas: Austin Central Texas Dallas / Ft. Worth Houston San Antonio Virginia: VA / DC Metro Williamsburg Washington: Seattle Vancouver Find your new Lennar neighborhood Search Submit Thanks for your interest Lennar doesn't currently build homes in this area. View everywhere we build. Use your current location or View everywhere we build Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube LinkedIn Instagram FourSquare Google+ Lennar family of companies Lennar Multifamily Communities Lennar Homes USA Rialto Capital Management Universal American Mortgage Company Eagle Home Mortgage North American Title North American Advantage Insurance Services FivePoint Communities Sunstreet Energy Group Lennar Investor Relations Careers FAQs Subscribe to our blog Privacy policy Terms and conditions Site Map Tweet Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. All rights reserved. Lennar's Privacy Policy was revised effective 2016. Lennar is the leading builder of quality new homes in the most desirable real estate markets across the nation. Our home plans demonstrate our commitment to our customers by showcasing outstanding new home construction and a dedication to excellence in homebuilding. Every new home for sale offers the simplicity of included options featured in our model homes and inventory homes.  The prices of our homes, included features and available locations are subject to change without notice.  Stated dimensions and square footage are approximate and should not be used a representation of the home's precise or actual size.  Please see the actual purchase agreement for additional information, disclosures and disclaimers relating to the home and it's features. Where available elements of the Nexia Home Intelligence System may vary per plan and community and program selected by buyer and are subject to changes or substitution without notice. Remote access requires internet access and there is a monthly fee for remote access capabilities. For additional legal disclaimers please click here. This is not an offer in states where prior registration is required.  Void where prohibited by law.  Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. Lennar, the Lennar logo, Everything's Included, Everything's Included logo, Next-Gen, Next-Gen - The Home Within a Home and Next-Gen logo are registered service marks or service marks of Lennar Corporation and/or its subsidiaries.  7/16
Stuart Miller,  Chief Executive Officer, 
Rick Beckwitt,  President, 
Jon Jaffe,  Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, 
Bruce Gross,  Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, 
Diane Bessette,  Vice President & Treasurer, 
Mark Sustana,  Secretary & General Counsel, 
Michael Petrolino,  Vice President - Taxation, 
David Collins,  Controller  , 
Carl Garraffo,  Chief Human Resource Officer, 
Laura Lete,  Chief Information Officer   , 
Kay Howard,  Director - Communications   , 
David Kaiserman,  President - Lennar Ventures, 
Fred Rothman,  Regional President, 
Rob Hutton,  Regional President, 
Jeff Roos,  Regional President, 
Greg McGuff,  Regional President, 
Todd Farrell,  President, 
Ed Easley,  Regional President, 
Emile Haddad,  President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Erik Higgins,  Chief Financial Officer, 
Mike White,  Treasurer, 
Lynn Jochim,  Executive Vice President, 
Jimmy Timmons,  President, Universal American Mortgage Company and Eagle Home Mortgage, Inc., 
Tom Fischer ,  President, North American Title Group, Inc., 
Jeff Krasnoff,  Chief Executive Officer, 
Jay Mantz,  President, 
Brett Ersoff,  President, Rialto Mortgage Finance, 
John Herman,  Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Rialto Mortgage Finance, 
David Kaiserman,  Chief Executive Officer, 
Emily Frager,  Chief Marketing Officer, 
Chris Marlin,  President, 
Florida:,  Clermont,  Ft. Lauderdale,  Jacksonville / St. Augustine,  Melbourne/Viera,  Miami,  Naples / Ft. Myers,  Orlando,  Palm Beach,  Sarasota / Manatee,  Tampa,  Treasure Coast,  Winter Haven, 
Minnesota:,  Minneapolis / St. Paul, 
Nevada:,  Las Vegas,  Reno, 
Tweet,  Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. All rights reserved. Lennar's Privacy Policy was revised effective 2016. Lennar is the leading builder of quality new homes in the most desirable real estate markets across the nation. Our home plans demonstrate our commitment to our customers by showcasing outstanding new home construction and a dedication to excellence in homebuilding. Every new home for sale offers the simplicity of included options featured in our model homes and inventory homes.  The prices of our homes, included features and available locations are subject to change without notice.  Stated dimensions and square footage are approximate and should not be used a representation of the home's precise or actual size.  Please see the actual purchase agreement for additional information, disclosures and disclaimers relating to the home and it's features. Where available elements of the Nexia Home Intelligence System may vary per plan and community and program selected by buyer and are subject to changes or substitution without notice. Remote access requires internet access and there is a monthly fee for remote access capabilities. For additional legal disclaimers please click here. This is not an offer in states where prior registration is required.  Void where prohibited by law.  Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. Lennar, the Lennar logo, Everything's Included, Everything's Included logo, Next-Gen, Next-Gen - The Home Within a Home and Next-Gen logo are registered service marks or service marks of Lennar Corporation and/or its subsidiaries.  7/16
http://www.lennar.com/about/leadership