Jacobs - Investors


Chemetics
That commitment to client value and partnership produces consistent cost advantages, profits and growth for Jacobs, allowing us to attract and retain the industry’s top talent.
Please contact shareholder.information@jacobs.com to receive additional investor materials. More information about Jacobs is also available in our
Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements.
Jan
Jun
Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements.
Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function.
Audit Committee Charter
Joseph R. Bronson (Chair)
Christopher M.T. Thompson
Peter J. Robertson
Chaired by Robert C. Davidson, Jr., the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter
Robert C. Davidson, Jr. (Chair)
Juan José Suárez Coppel
Dawne S. Hickton
Chaired by Linda Fayne Levinson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions.
Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter
Linda Fayne Levinson (Chair)
Ralph E. Eberhart
John F. Coyne
Lead Independent Director c/o Corporate SecretaryJacobs Engineering Group Inc. 155 North Lake Avenue 91101 P.O. Box 7084 Pasadena, California, USA., 91109-7084;or Sending a confidential e-mail to
Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either:
Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function.
Audit Committee Charter
Joseph R. Bronson (Chair) Peter J. Robertson Christopher M.T. Thompson
Chaired by Linda Fayne Levinson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions.
Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter
Linda Fayne Levinson (Chair) Ralph E. Eberhart John F. Coyne
Chaired by Edward Fritzky, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter
Edward V. Fritzky (Chair) Robert C. Davidson, Jr. Juan José Suárez Coppel
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to: Presiding Director c/o Corporate Secretary Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 155 North Lake Avenue 91101 P.O. Box 7084 Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or
Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either:
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to: Chair, Audit Committee c/o Corporate Secretary Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 155 North Lake Avenue 91101 P.O. Box 7084 Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or
Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers
Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements.
© 2016 Jacobs. All rights reserved.
Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements.
Steven J. Demetriou
Director since 2015
President and CEO
Mr. Demetriou joined Jacobs as President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2015, bringing international business perspectives and more than 30 years in leadership and senior management roles to build on Jacobs' strong foundations, including 14 years in the role as Chief Executive Officer. Most recently, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aleris Corporation, a global downstream aluminum producer. Over the course of his career, Steve has gained broad experience with companies in a wide range of industries, including Metals, Specialty Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and Fertilizers. His career highlights include 16 years at ExxonMobil.
Steve is a member of Jacobs’ Board of Directors and also serves on the board of Kraton Performance Polymers. He served on the board of Foster-Wheeler for several years and was Non-Executive Chairman of Foster-Wheeler from 2011-2014.
Noel G. Watson
Director since 1986
Chairman of the Board
Mr. Watson has been with the Company since 1965 and was Chief Executive Officer of the Company from November 1992 to April 2006. He was also the President from 1987 until July 2002. As the longest-tenured Board member, Mr. Watson serves as a valuable resource of institutional knowledge and a deep understanding of the business. He also serves on the Board of Directors of GT Solar International Inc.
Joseph R. Bronson
Director since 2003
Mr. Bronson is Principal and CEO of The Bronson Group, LLC, a consulting firm primarily engaged in the area of financial and operational consulting. In May 2011, he was appointed an Advisory Director to GCA/Savvian, LLC, a financial advisory firm based in San Francisco, California. Prior to that, he held top executive positions at a number of product development and manufacturing firms in the electronics and technology industries; including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Materials, Inc., the global leader in semiconductor capital equipment. Mr. Bronson had a number of general management and executive positions with Applied spanning 22 years.
Mr. Bronson also currently serves on the Board of Directors of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a leading supplier of analog devices to semiconductor industry. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of CPA’s and serves as Trustee of Fairfield University and is Chairman of the Leavey School of Business Advisory Board, Santa Clara University, California. He is also a director of two private companies.
Mr. Bronson brings accounting expertise and familiarity with financial statements, financial disclosures, auditing and internal controls to the Board from his prior service as Chief Financial Officer. His senior management level experience at large publicly traded companies also brings to the Board additional perspective regarding the day to day operations of large organizations as well as corporate best practices.
John F. Coyne
Director since 2008
Mr. Coyne is retired. A native of Dublin, Ireland, he has over 30 years of experience in the global high tech industry, having served as Chief Executive Officer of Western Digital Corporation (“WD”), a global S&P 500 company, from January 2007 to January 2013. Mr. Coyne joined WD in 1983 and served the company in many capacities around the world; including President, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations, Executive Vice President, and Chief Operatins Officer, giving him an executive background in executive capacities in engineering, operations, sales and business management. Mr. Coyne also brings experience overseeing talent acquisition, retention and development programs and identifying, overseeing and integrating merger and acquisition transactions.
Juan José Suárez Coppel
Director since 2013
Mr. Suárez was General Director (Chief Executive Officer) of PEMEX, the national oil company of Mexico, from 2009 to 2012. Prior to his tenure as General Director, Mr. Suárez held other positions at PEMEX, including Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2006. He also served as Chief of Staff of Mexico’s Secretary of Finance and Public Credit in 2000 and 2001.
In the private sector, Mr. Suárez was Co-Head of Equity Derivative Trading at Banamex from 1991 to 1995 and has held senior leadership positions at Grupo Televisa and Grupo Modelo; Mexico’s largest media company and largest brewer, respectively. Mr. Suárez also taught economics at several leading universities in Mexico, Europe and the United States.
Mr. Suárez provides strong expertise in the oil and gas industry, which is particularly valuable given the Company’s customers in this industry. He also brings extensive knowledge and experience in finance matters and his experience as an executive brings perspective on management and operational matters to the Board. His background in international operations also assists the Board in matters of Jacobs’ growing international presence.
Robert C. Davidson, Jr.
Director since 2001
Mr. Davidson is retired. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Surface Protection Industries, Inc., a company that provided surface protection products and services worldwide from 1978 to October 2007.
He serves as a member of the Boards of Morehouse College (Chairman), Art Center College of Design (Chairman), Cedars-Sinai Medical Center (Vice Chair of Audit Committee), Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.b. (Chairman of Compensation Committee), and the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business Advisory Council. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Morehouse College and an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the University of Chicago.
Mr. Davidson brings strong leadership, knowledge and experience of strategic and financial matters to the Board from his founding and building private companies, his almost 30-year career at Surface Protection Industries, Inc., and his prior service as a chief executive officer and chairman. He also brings to the Board important knowledge of public company governance through his service on multiple public company boards, including service on compensation committees.
Ralph Edward ("Ed") Eberhart
Director since 2012
General Eberhart currently serves as Chairman and President of the Armed Forces Benefit Association, a 400,000 member organization. He is a former General Officer of the United States Air Force. A graduate of the United States Air Force Academy, General Eberhart held numerous high-level command and staff positions within the Air Force over his 36-year career. He served as Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) on 9/11, and in the aftermath of 9/11, he was selected as the first Commander of the U.S. Northern Command. He also served as Commander of Air Combat Command and U.S. Space Command.
He serves on the boards of Rockwell Collins, Triumph Group, Inc. and VSE Corporation. General Eberhart brings valuable leadership and management skills developed through his military service. His 36-year military career provides the Board with valuable experience and knowledge of government and the military, which is particularly valuable given Jacobs’ government and military contracts.
Dawne S. Hickton
Director since 2015
Ms. Hickton is former Vice Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of RTI International Metals, Inc., a global supplier of advanced titanium products and services in commercial aerospace, defense, propulsion, medical device and energy markets, since 2007. She has also served as chair of the board of the Pittsburgh branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland since 2012. Additionally, she is an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the International Titanium Association and also a member of the Board of Governors for the Aerospace Industries Association. She sits on the Board of Directors of the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum and also serves on the board of The Wings Club. In addition, she is a member of the University of Pittsburgh’s Board of Trustees, serving on the Nominating, Student Affairs, and Property and Facilities Committees. Prior to her tenure at RTI, Ms. Hickton served as a public company director of FNB Corporation from 2006 until 2013.
Ms. Hickton provides a wealth of proven business leadership experience with a CEOs perspective, and advanced strengths in project management and engineering expertise. Her background as a senior officer in a publicly traded company for nearly two decades is particularly valuable to the Board, as it lends a contemporary understanding of how to engage with the Company’s stakeholders, in addition to driving a strong growth agenda.
Linda Fayne Levinson
Director since 1996
Ms. Fayne Levinson is an experienced executive and corporate director. From 1997 until 2004, she was a Partner of GRP Partners, a venture capital firm that invests in early stage technology companies. Prior to that, she was an executive at Creative Artists Agency, Inc.; a Partner at Wings Partners, a Los Angeles based private equity firm; President of Fayne Levinson Associates, an independent consulting firm; a Senior Vice President of American Express Travel Related Services Co., Inc.; and a Partner of McKinsey & Company, where she became the first woman partner in 1979.
Ms. Fayne Levinson also serves as a member of the Boards of Hertz, Ingram Micro, Inc., NCR Corporation and The Western Union Company. Ms. Levinson’s experience brings in-depth knowledge of business operations, strategy, compensation strategies and other corporate governance matters to the Board of Directors.
Peter J. Robertson
Director since 2009
Mr. Robertson is retired. Mr. Robertson was Vice Chairman of the Board for Chevron Corporation, one of the world’s largest energy companies, until April 1, 2009. He joined Chevron in 1973 and over his 36 year career he had a wide variety of responsibilities including directing Chevron’s worldwide exploration and production and global gas businesses, corporate strategic planning, policy, government and public affairs. He was also Chief Financial Officer of Chevron USA.
He is an independent senior adviser with Deloitte LLP, a non-executive director of SASOL Limited and an advisory director of Campbell-Lutyens. He is co-chairman of the US Saudi Arabian Business Council and chairman of the World Affairs Council of Northern California. He is a past chairman of the US Energy Association. A native of Edinburgh, Scotland, he holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Edinburgh and an MBA from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School, where he was a Thouron Scholar.
Mr. Robertson brings vital knowledge and experience to the Board in the oil and gas industry from his over 36-year career at Chevron Corporation, which is particularly important given the number of Company customers in the energy and refining sector. He also brings valuable international experience in developed and developing countries from his executive experience and the multiple chairmanship and director positions he has held and currently holds. Mr. Robertson also has accounting know-how and experience with public company financial statements, disclosures and accounting rules from his service as Chief Financial Officer of Chevron USA.
Christopher M.T. Thompson
Director since 2012
Mr. Thompson was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gold Fields Ltd., an international gold producer with over 50,000 employees and operations on five continents from 1998 to 2002. He was also Chairman of the World Gold Council from 2002 to 2005 and Chairman of Ram Power, a geothermal company with operations in California and Nicaragua, from October 2009 through November 2010. He founded and was Chief Executive Officer of Castle Group Ltd., an international investment company that helped support the development of new mines. Mr. Thompson currently serves as a director on the boards of Golden Star Resources Ltd.,Teck Resources Limited and a privately-held biotechnology company based in the U.S.
Mr. Thompson has an extensive background in the mining industry, providing strong knowledge of and management and operational experience in this area to the Board, which is particularly valuable given the Company’s customers in this industry. He also provides knowledge of the biotechnology industry, which is also important given the Company’s customers in that industry. His senior management level experience also brings to the Board additional perspective regarding the day to day operations of large organizations as well as corporate best practices.