Management


Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Greg Armstrong
Chairman and CEO
Greg has been with PAA or its predecessors since 1981 and is ultimately responsible for all facets of our business. Greg focuses the majority of his time on developing and refining our strategy, ensuring that we have the tools and capital we need to execute our business plan and helping us overcome obstacles as they arise.
Harry Pefanis
President and COO
Harry has been with PAA or its predecessors since 1983 and is responsible for executing our strategy, overseeing our day-to-day operations, coordinating the many disciplines within our organization and identifying areas for future expansion.
Willie Chiang
Executive Vice President & COO - U.S
Willie joined PAA in August 2015 and has over 30 years of energy industry experience across the entire value chain, most recently serving as EVP Operations for Occidental Petroleum Corp. He is responsible for overseeing PAA's U.S. commercial activities and driving PAA’s US business growth strategy.
Al Swanson
Executive Vice President and CFO
Al joined us in 2000 from Santa Fe Snyder Corporation. His responsibilities include executing our financial growth strategy, maintaining relationships with our various capital providers, overseeing our financial reporting processes and safeguarding our assets.
Mark Gorman
Executive VP Operations & Engineering
Mark joined PAA in 2006 from Genesis Energy where he served in various capacities including Director, EVP, COO, President and CEO. At PAA, Mark is responsible for the majority of our domestic business operations and engineering activities.
Richard McGee
Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary
Richard joined us in 2009 from Duke Energy where he was President of Duke Energy International. Prior thereto, he was a partner with the law firm of Vinson & Elkins. Richard is responsible for overseeing our corporate legal activities, including our acquisition efforts.
Phil Kramer
Executive Vice President
Phil has been with PAA or its predecessors since 1983 and has served in a number of roles within the partnership including Chief Financial Officer for PAA or its predecessor from 1992 until November 2008. Phil has responsibility for our lease gathering business and related support functions, supply chain management, and human resources.
Dave Duckett
Chief Executive Officer, Plains Midstream Canada ULC
Dave has been with PAA or its predecessors since 1984 and is responsible for managing our commercial operations in Canada. Dave and his group are also responsible for maintaining relationships with our Canadian and LPG customers.
John von Berg
Executive Vice President, Commercial Activities
John joined us in 2002 from Genesis Energy Partners where he was Chief Executive Officer. John is responsible for overseeing the development and execution of commercial strategies to optimize our asset base in a variety of market conditions.
Chris Herbold
Vice President, Accounting & Chief Accounting Officer
Chris joined PAA in 2002 from the accounting firm Arthur Andersen, LLP. At PAA, Chris has primary responsibility for all aspects of our accounting, from maintaining the books and records of the partnership to reporting our results to the financial community.