Our Team


Bob Pittman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Bob Pittman is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of iHeartMedia, Inc., which includes iHeartMedia and Clear Channel Outdoor, where he is also Chairman and CEO. Pittman is the co-founder and programmer who led the team that created MTV and has been CEO of MTV Networks, AOL Networks, Six Flags Theme Parks, Quantum Media, Century 21 Real Estate, and Time Warner Enterprises. He was also COO of America Online, Inc. and later of AOL Time Warner. He is a founding member of Pilot Group, LLC, a New York private investment firm, and is a dedicated philanthropist, formerly serving as both Chairman of New York’s Public Theater and Chairman of the poverty-fighting Robin Hood Foundation, where he is still on the board; he is also on the boards of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Alliance for Lupus Research. Pittman’s history in radio began at age 15 when he worked as an on-air announcer in his native Mississippi; he went on to successfully program a number of radio stations, including WNBC in New York. Among other recognitions, he was named to the Advertising Hall of Fame and inducted into the Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame; named one of Advertising Age's "10 Marketers Who Changed American Culture" and "50 Pioneers and Visionaries of TV;" received the Robert F. Kennedy Ripple of Hope Award and a Council of Fashion Designers (CFDA) Award; and was named one of LIFE Magazine's "Five Original Thinkers of the '80s."
Richard J. Bressler
President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Richard J. Bressler is President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of iHeartMedia, Inc. and iHeartCommunications, Inc., and Chief Financial Officer of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Prior to joining iHeartMedia, Bressler was Managing Director at Thomas H. Lee Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm. He joined Thomas H. Lee Partners from his role as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Viacom Inc., where he managed all strategic, financial, business development and technology functions. Bressler has also served in various capacities with Time Warner Inc., including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Time Warner Digital Media and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Time Warner Inc. Prior to joining Time Inc., he was a partner with the accounting firm of Ernst & Young. Bressler is currently a Director of iHeartCommunications, Inc., Gartner, Inc. and Civic Entertainment. In addition, Bressler is a Board Observer at Univision Communications, Inc.
Wendy Goldberg
Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer
Wendy Goldberg is Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer for iHeartMedia, Inc. She oversees and executes strategic communications for all of the company's brands, including iHeartMedia and Clear Channel Outdoor, and is also responsible for the company’s internal and external communications; marketing of brands and products; financial communications; business-to-business marketing support; crisis communications; and developing and coordinating strategy for local marketing efforts. Goldberg has more than 15 years’ experience in providing management and strategic counsel to companies and their senior leaders. She served as Vice President of Business Development and Strategy for Hearst Entertainment & Syndication; Senior Vice President of Communications for Six Flags; and Vice President of Communications at America Online and then at AOL Time Warner. She also served as Press Secretary to the Administrator at the U.S. Small Business Administration and was a Vice President at RLM Finsbury, a global strategic communications firm headquartered in London and New York.
Robert H. Walls, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Walls joined iHeartMedia, Inc. in January 2010 and oversees the company’s legal and government affairs departments. Prior, he served as Managing Director and is a founding partner of Post Oak Energy Capital, a private equity firm dedicated to investing equity and debt, in energy and energy service companies. Walls also served as a member of the Office of the CEO and as Executive Vice President and General Counsel at Enron Corp., post-bankruptcy, and was a lawyer at Vinson & Elkins LLP where he practiced energy, finance and international law.
Gayle Troberman
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Gayle Troberman is Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for iHeartMedia, Inc. As such, she leverages the company’s extensive range of content, experiences and technologies to bring brands together in new ways with consumers across all of the company’s businesses, including Clear Channel Outdoor, iHeartMedia’s 859 radio stations and iHeartRadio. Troberman is a marketing innovator and visionary. Prior to iHeartMedia, she served as Chief Marketing and Ideas Officer for IPG Mediabrands; before that, she spent 16 years at Microsoft, first launching Internet startups and building the first branded entertainment team online, and then as their Chief Creative Officer, overseeing their portfolio of brands and global advertising campaigns across consumer and business-to-business products, including Windows, Office, Bing, and XBOX.
Scott Wells
Chief Executive Officer, Clear Channel Outdoor Americas
Scott Wells is Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel Outdoor Americas, which includes out of home advertising businesses in the U.S., Canada, and international regions through the company’s brand division Clear Channel Airports. Wells is responsible for vision and strategy across all functions, ensuring Clear Channel Outdoor Americas’ premium locations and increasingly digital technologies help solve marketing challenges for national and local advertising clients. Wells joined Clear Channel Outdoor from Bain Capital, where he served as an Operating Partner. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Wells served in interim executive leadership roles at the Clear Channel Outdoor in the U.S. and internationally as part of his responsibilities at Bain Capital, a stakeholder in Clear Channel Outdoor. Wells also served on the Board of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings from 2008 to 2015. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Wells held executive roles at Dell, Bain & Co., and AT&T. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Achievement Network.
William Eccleshare
Chairman and CEO, Clear Channel International
William Eccleshare leads Clear Channel International (CCI), the international division of Clear Channel Outdoor. He is responsible for driving a customer-focused strategy of innovation and creativity in 26 markets across Asia, Australasia, Europe and Latin America, whose combined assets reach an audience of 450 million people every month. In addition, Eccleshare leads the development and on-going expansion of Clear Channel's ground-breaking digital out-of-home network across the world. Prior to joining Clear Channel in September 2009, he served in leadership roles at major advertising agencies, including: Chairman and CEO at BBDO EMEA; Chairman of Young and Rubicam/Wunderman EMEA; Chairman and CEO of Ammirati Puris Lintas for Northern Europe; Global Strategic Planning Director of J. Walter Thompson Worldwide; and CEO, PPGH/JWT Amsterdam. He was also a Partner and Leader of the Marketing Practice at McKinsey & Co.
John Sykes
President of Entertainment Enterprises
John Sykes uses the unparalleled assets of iHeartMedia to develop new businesses for the company across a range of media, including broadcast television, digital video platforms and live events, as well as creating value for iHeartMedia advertisers and key partners. Sykes is the co-executive producer of iHeartRadio branded annual live events including the iHeartRadio Music Festival, the iHeartRadio Music Awards, the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball, iHeartRadio Fiesta Latina, iHeartRadio Summer Pool Party and iHeartRadio Country Festival, all of which are broadcast across the country on iHeartRadio stations, streamed live on video platforms, and broadcast on network television. Sykes was a cofounder of MTV, President of VH1, President of Network Development For MTV, CEO of Infinity Broadcasting (now CBS Radio), Exec Vice President, Acquisitions for EMI Music Publishing and President of Chrysalis Records. He currently serves on the board of Shazam Mobile, The Robin Hood Foundation, The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, VH1 Save the Music and Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Communications.
Steve Mills
Global Chief Information Officer
Steve Mills is Global Chief Information Officer for iHeartMedia, Inc., which includes iHeartMedia and Clear Channel Outdoor. As Global CIO, Mills is responsible for all aspects of information technology for iHeartMedia's businesses, working closely with all divisions to ensure the alignment and optimization of the company’s overall technology systems with the business priorities of its multiplatform assets, and overseeing systems and applications, infrastructure, data center operations, IT security and employee productivity. Prior to joining iHeartMedia, Inc., Mills held CIO positions at Motorola Mobility and Rackspace. His experience also includes serving as Vice President of Enterprise Systems for T-Mobile USA, Director of Technology Delivery for Texas Online and senior roles at BearingPoint, Inc., Alex eBanking, Intelligent Technologies, Berkom USA, pcOrder.com and E-Systems.