Carmax - Corporate Governance


Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Analyst Coverage
Tom Folliard
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Folliard is the chief executive officer of CarMax and was the president and chief executive officer of CarMax from 2006 until February 2016. Beginning in 2001, he served as the executive vice president, store operations. Previously he served as senior vice president of store operations, vice president of merchandising, and director of purchasing. He joined CarMax in 1993 as senior buyer. Mr. Folliard was responsible for the design and development of the unique CarMax purchasing process, the buyer training program, and the in-store wholesale auction system. He also played a key role in development of the entire CarMax store operating process. Mr. Folliard’s prior experience was with Jim Rathman Chevrolet/Cadillac in Melbourne, Florida, in auto wholesaling from 1989 to 1993 where he was a member of one of the largest wholesale buying groups in the U.S.
Bill Nash
President
Mr. Nash was promoted to president of CarMax in 2016. He assumed the role of executive vice president, human resources and administrative services in 2012, where he oversaw human resources, information technology, procurement, loss prevention, employee health & safety and construction & facilities. In 2011, Mr. Nash was promoted to senior vice president, human resources and administrative services. Previously, he served as vice president and senior vice president of merchandising, after serving as vice president of auction services. He joined CarMax in 1997 as auction manager. Before joining CarMax, Mr. Nash, a CPA, held a variety of accounting roles at Circuit City.
Cliff Wood
EVP, Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Wood was promoted to chief operating officer of CarMax in 2016. He assumed the role of executive vice president, stores in 2012, where he was responsible for all sales, service, merchandising, and business office functions. Previously, he was promoted to senior vice president, stores. Beginning in 2007, he served as vice president of sales after serving in a variety of roles, including vice president of merchandising, purchasing manager, district manager, regional director and director of buyer development. In 1993, he joined CarMax as a buyer in CarMax’s first location. Prior to joining CarMax, he held various positions with Circuit City.
Tom Reedy
EVP, Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Reedy was promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer in 2012 after serving as vice president and CFO beginning in 2010. He joined CarMax in 2003 as vice president and treasurer. Prior to joining CarMax, he was vice president of corporate development and treasury at Gateway, Inc. Previously, he served as treasurer at GATX Corporation, and held various financial positions at American Airlines.
Ed Hill
Mr. Hill was promoted to executive vice president, strategy and business transformation in 2016. Previously, he served as senior vice president, service operations and vice president of service operations, after joining CarMax in 1995 as director. Prior to joining CarMax, he served as vice president of advanced programs at Reveo, Inc., vice president of operations at Hypres, and as a process engineer for Motorola.
Eric Margolin
EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Mr. Margolin was promoted to executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary in 2016. Previously, he served as the senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary since joining CarMax in 2007. Prior to joining the company, he was senior vice president, general counsel, and corporate secretary for Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and he previously held the same position at Tire Kingdom, Inc. Prior to this, he served as general counsel for several apparel manufacturing, distribution, and retailing companies.
Jon Daniels
Mr. Daniels was promoted to senior vice president, CarMax Auto Finance in 2014. He joined CAF in 2008 as vice president, risk and analytics, and has assumed additional responsibilities as the business has grown. He had extensive credit and banking experience from HSBC and Metris prior to joining CarMax.
Jim Lyski
Mr. Lyski joined CarMax in 2014 as senior vice president, chief marketing officer. Prior to joining CarMax, he served as chief marketing officer for The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company from 2011 to 2014. Previously, he held marketing leadership positions at Cigna Healthcare Inc. and FedEx Corporation.
Shamim Mohammad
SVP, Chief Information Officer
Mr. Mohammad was promoted to senior vice president and chief information officer in 2014. He joined CarMax in 2012 as vice president of application development and IT planning. Prior to joining CarMax, he was vice president of IT at BJ’s Wholesale Club and previously served as senior director of IT for Blockbuster.
Steve Allocco
Dave Banks
Dan Bickett
Diane Cafritz
VP, Deputy General Counsel
Mike Callahan
Craig Cronheim
Laura Donahue
Bryan Ennis
Greg Fitzharris
VP, Deputy General Counsel
Dan Johnston
Katharine Kenny
Matt Linderman
Ross Longood
VP, Deputy General Counsel
Tom Marcey
Enrique Mayor-Mora
Andy McMonigle
VP and Treasurer
Rob Mitchell
Douglass Moyers
Lynn Mussatt
Gautam Puranik
Scott Rivas
Marty Sberna
Mac Stuckey
VP, Deputy General Counsel
Joe Wilson
Natalie Wyatt
VP, Controller
William R. Tiefel
Chairman of the Board, CarMax, Inc., Retired Vice Chairman of Marriott International, Inc. and Chairman Emeritus of The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C.
Mr. Tiefel retired as vice-chairman of Marriott International, Inc. and the chairman emeritus of The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. in 2002. He joined Marriott Corporation in 1961. He was named president of Marriott Hotels and Resorts in 1989, president of Marriott Lodging in 1992, and vice-chairman of Marriott International and chairman of The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company in 1998. Mr. Tiefel has been a member of the CarMax board of directors since 2002, and he became chairman of the board in June 2007.
Ronald E. Blaylock
Mr. Blaylock is the founder and managing partner of GenNx360 Capital Partners, a private-equity buyout fund focused on industrial business-to-business companies. Prior to founding GenNx360 in 2006, Mr. Blaylock was chief executive officer of Blaylock & Company, a full-service investment banking firm that he founded in 1993. Previously, he held senior management positions with PaineWebber and Citigroup. He is a director of Radio One, Inc. and W.R. Berkley Corporation. Mr. Blaylock joined the CarMax board in 2007.
Alan B. Colberg
President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant, Inc.
Mr. Colberg has been president, chief executive officer and a director of Assurant, Inc., a provider of diverse insurance products and related services, since January 2015. He joined Assurant as executive vice president of marketing and business development in 2011 and was named president in 2014. Previously, he spent 22 years at Bain & Company Inc., founding Bain's Atlanta Office in 1996 and leading it until 2010. He also served as Bain's global practice leader for financial services.
Thomas J. Folliard
Chief Executive Officer, CarMax, Inc.
Mr. Folliard joined CarMax in 1993 as the senior buyer and became director of purchasing in 1994. Mr. Folliard was promoted to vice president of merchandising in 1996, senior vice president of store operations in 2000, executive vice president of store operations in 2001, and he served as president and chief executive officer from 2006 to February 2016. In February 2016, he announced that he plans to retire as chief executive officer prior to the end of 2016. The Board plans to appoint Mr. Folliard as non-executive chairman of the Board following his retirement. He was responsible for the design and development of the unique CarMax purchasing process, the buyer training program, and the in-store wholesale auction system. He also played a key role in development of the entire CarMax store operating process. Mr. Folliard serves on the Board of PulteGroup, Inc. and DAVIDsTEA, Inc. He has served as a director of CarMax since 2006.
Rakesh Gangwal
Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Worldspan Technologies, Inc.; Former President and Chief Executive Officer, US Airways Group
Mr. Gangwal has held several executive roles and directorships at domestic and foreign companies during his more than 25-year career in the travel and technology fields. From 2003 to 2007, he was chairman, president and chief executive officer of Worldspan Technologies, Inc., a provider of travel and information technology services to the travel and transportation industry. From 2002 to 2003, he was involved in various personal business endeavors, including private equity and consulting projects. Mr. Gangwal served as president and chief executive officer of US Airways Group, Inc. and US Airways, Inc. from 1998 to 2001, after a two-year tenure as president and chief operating officer of US Airways Group. In addition, he is a co-founder of IndiGo, India’s largest low-fare airline. He currently serves on the board of directors of Office Depot, Inc. and InterGlobe Aviation Limited (IndiGo). Mr. Gangwal joined the CarMax board in 2011.
Jeffrey E. Garten
Chairman of Garten Rothkopf
Mr. Garten has been the the Chairman of Garten Rothkopf, an international consulting firm, since 2005. He was the Juan Trippe Professor in the Practice of International Trade, Finance, and Business at the Yale School of Management from 2005 to 2015 and the Dean of the Yale School of Management from 1995 to 2005. He was the United States Undersecretary of Commerce for International Trade from 1993 to 1995 and previously spent 13 years in investment banking with Lehman Brothers and the Blackstone Group. He is a director of Aetna Inc., and certain mutual funds of Credit Suisse Asset Management. He also is a member of the board of overseers of the International Rescue Committee. Mr. Garten joined the CarMax board in 2002.
Shira Goodman
President, North American Operations, Staples, Inc.
Ms. Goodman has served as president, North American Operations at Staples, Inc., since February 2016. She joined Staples in 1992 and has held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility in general management, marketing and human resources, including serving as executive vice president, marketing from 2001 to 2009; executive vice president, human resources from 2009 to 2102; and executive vice president, global growth from 2012 to 2014; and president, North American Commercial from 2014 to 2016. From 1986 to 1992, Ms. Goodman worked at Bain & Company in project design, client relationships and case team management. She joined the CarMax board in 2007.
W. Robert Grafton
Retired Managing Partner -- Chief Executive, Andersen Worldwide S.C.
Mr. Grafton retired as managing partner-chief executive of Andersen Worldwide S.C. in 2000. Andersen Worldwide provided global professional auditing and consulting services through its two service entities, Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting. He is a retired certified public accountant, and he joined Arthur Andersen in 1963. He was elected a member of the Board of Partners, Andersen Worldwide in 1991 and chairman of the Board of Partners in 1994. He served as managing partner-chief executive from 1997 through 2000. Mr. Grafton joined the CarMax board in 2003.
Edgar H. Grubb
Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Transamerica Corporation
Mr. Grubb retired as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Transamerica Corporation in 1999. He joined Transamerica in 1989 and became chief financial officer in 1993. From 1986 to 1989, he was the senior vice president and chief financial officer of Lucky Stores, Inc. He is director of CSAA Insurance Group, an AAA affiliate providing auto and property coverage to AAA members in 23 states, and he is a member of the board of Auto Club Partners, Inc., an affiliation of seven AAA clubs representing more than 12 million members in the U.S. Mr. Grubb joined the CarMax board in 2007.
Marcella Shinder
Ms. Shinder is the chief marketing officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, a leading global performance management company. Prior to joining Nielsen in 2011, Ms. Shinder spent 18 years with American Express, serving in a variety of executive roles, including head of global marketing, head of brand management and social media, and general manager, small business charge cards, American Express OPEN. She joined the CarMax board in 2015.
Mitchell D. Steenrod
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Pilot Travel Centers LLC
Mr. Steenrod has been the senior vice president, chief financial officer of Pilot Travel Centers LLC since 2004. Pilot Travel Centers is the nation’s largest operator of travel centers and truck stops. Mr. Steenrod joined Pilot Travel Centers when it was formed in 2001, as controller and treasurer. He was promoted to his current position in 2004. Previously, he spent 12 years with Marathon Oil Company and Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC in a variety of positions of increasing responsibility in accounting, general management and marketing. He joined the CarMax board in 2011.
Katharine Kenny Vice President, Investor Relations (804) 935.4591
Celeste Gunter Manager of Investor Relations (804) 935.4597
Sitemap