Verizon Leadership Executive Biographies - Verizon


Executive Bios
Verizon’s executives often speak about technology, business strategy and industry issues at thought leadership forums. View these executive insights to understand where the industry is headed.
Contact A Military Recruiter
Executive Bios
Executive Bios
Executive Bios
The Verizon Leadership team blends a history of industry expertise with visionary thinking. Meet the team that is championing the next generation of telecommunications and technology. If you'd like for a Verizon representative to speak at your upcoming event, please . We will be in touch shortly after receiving your request.
Lowell C. McAdam
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lowell C. McAdam is chairman and chief executive officer of Verizon Communications, a leading provider of wireless, fiber-optic and global Internet networks and services.  He was named CEO on Aug. 1, 2011, and chairman on Jan. 1, 2012.
Roy H. Chestnutt
Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
Roy Chestnutt is executive vice president and chief strategy officer for Verizon. He is responsible for development and implementation of Verizon's overall corporate strategy, including business development, joint ventures, strategic investments, acquisitions and divestitures.  He is on the board of directors of the GSMA and is chairman of the Chief Strategy Officers Group of the GSMA comprised of 25 global strategists from the world’s leading wireless carriers.
Tami Erwin
Senior Vice President & Group President - Consumer & Mass Business (CMB) Sales & Service
Tami Erwin is senior vice president and group president of Verizon’s Consumer and Mass Business (CMB) Markets line of business. She has responsibility for all sales, marketing operations, and customer service strategies that touch voice, data, and video customers – both consumer and small business – across the wireline footprint.
Christopher Formant
Senior Vice President and Global President - Verizon Enterprise Solutions
Chris Formant is senior vice president and global president of Verizon Enterprise Solutions where he is responsible for global sales, operations and marketing of the organization’s cloud, machine to machine, data center and security products and solutions. He combines a unique blend of enterprise, early stage company and world class consulting experience.
James J. Gerace
Jim Gerace is chief communications officer for Verizon, responsible for all external communications and media relations strategy and execution across the corporation, both domestic and international.  He also handles corporate-wide issues management and executive and employee communications. 
Roger Gurnani
Executive Vice President and Chief Information and Technology Architect
Roger Gurnani is executive vice president and chief information and technology architect for Verizon, a leading provider of 4G wireless, fiber-optic broadband and global Internet network services. He is responsible for developing and guiding Verizon’s technology strategy and investments.  His role includes network and technology planning, development of architecture and roadmaps, continued evolution of digital platforms and oversight and direction for the CIO and CTO teams across Verizon.
Robert Mudge
Executive Vice President and President – Verizon’s Wireline Network Operations
Robert (Bob) Mudge is EVP & President of Verizon’s Wireline Network Operations. This organization, with over 40,000 employees, serves the broad set of Verizon wireline customers – from residential and small business to medium and large business – across our domestic and international footprint. Bob is responsible for the quality, speed and efficiency in which we serve our customers.
Marc C. Reed
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Marc Reed is executive vice president and chief administrative officer. Under his leadership are end-to-end accountability for human resources, real estate, supply chain services, procurement and fleet, to most effectively and efficiently leverage the company’s collective assets and resources.
Diego Scotti
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Diego Scotti is executive vice president and chief marketing officer for Verizon Communications.  He is responsible for linking the innovations of the company’s product team to the customer-focused operations of the business units to build the Verizon global brand, create consumer awareness and advocacy, and drive customer preference for the brand through all channels, every day.
Francis J. Shammo
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Fran Shammo is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Verizon Communications, responsible for the company’s finance and strategic planning operations, and financial transaction services.
Craig Silliman
Executive Vice President – Public Policy and General Counsel
Craig Silliman is executive vice president – public policy and general counsel, responsible for leading the company’s public policy, legal, regulatory, government affairs and security groups.
David Small
Executive Vice President - Wireless Operations Verizon Wireless
David Small is executive vice president wireless operations for Verizon Wireless, the largest wireless company in the United States, with responsibility for the company's nationwide operations and delivery of industry-leading performance for consumer and business customers.  A premier technology company, Verizon Wireless operates the nation's largest and most reliable 4G LTE network.
John G. Stratton
Executive Vice President and President of Operations
John Stratton is executive vice president and president of Operations, with responsibility for overseeing and growing Verizon’s wireless and wireline businesses: Verizon Wireless, Consumer and Mass Business, Verizon Enterprise Solutions and Verizon Partner Solutions. Verizon’s Operations account for $126.1 billion in revenue annually and provide a broad array of consumer and enterprise communications products on the most advanced networks in the world.
Marni M. Walden
Executive Vice President and President of Product Innovation and New Businesses
Marni Walden is executive vice president and president of Product Innovation and New Businesses. She is responsible for developing and growing Verizon’s emerging businesses, like the Internet of Things and digital media, and telematics. In addition, she is responsible for overseeing the company’s Strategy Development and Planning group. 
Sitemap
Verizon is a global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions that improve the way our customers live, work and play.