Mohawk Industries - Leadership 


Executive Officers
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Lorberbaum (age 59) has been a director of the Company since our acquisition of Aladdin Mills Inc., ("Aladdin") in March 1994. He has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2004 and as the Company's Chief Executive Officer since January 2001 when he succeeded Mr. Kolb in this position. From January 1995 until January 2001, Mr. Lorberbaum served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Mr. Lorberbaum joined Aladdin in 1976 and served as Vice President — Operations from 1986 until February 1994 when he became President and Chief Executive Officer.
W. Christopher Wellborn
President and Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Wellborn (age 58) has served as a director of the Company since our acquisition of Dal-Tile International Inc., ("Dal-Tile") in March 2002. He has served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since November 2005 and as its President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2009. Mr. Wellborn was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of Dal-Tile from August 1997 through March 2002. From March 2002 to November 2005, he served as President — Dal-Tile. From June 1993 to August 1997, Mr. Wellborn was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lenox, Inc. Mr. Wellborn is on the board of directors of Palm Harbor Homes, Inc., a builder of manufactured and modular custom homes.
Frank H. Boykin
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Boykin (age 58) was named Vice President — Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in January 2005. In August 2004, Mr. Boykin was appointed Vice President — Finance. He previously served as Corporate Controller of the Company from April 1993 until May 1999, when he was appointed Vice President, Corporate Controller. Before joining the Company, Mr. Boykin served as a Senior Manager at KPMG LLP.
James F. Brunk
Corporate Controller, Chief Accounting Officer
Mr. Brunk (age 48) was appointed Corporate Controller, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company in May 2009. Mr. Brunk joined Mohawk in October 2006 as Chief Financial Officer for the Mohawk Home Division. Prior to joining Mohawk, Mr. Brunk was Vice President, Finance — Transportation-Americas for Exide Technologies, a worldwide leader in production and recycling of lead acid batteries from January 2005 to October 2006 and also held various senior financial positions with Oxford Automotive Corp., a Tier 1 automotive metal forming supplier, from August 1996 to December 2004, including Vice President of Finance, North American Operations from August 2001 to December 2004.
Brian M. Carson
President – Carpet
Mr. Carson (age 49) was named President — Mohawk Flooring in January 2012. Mr. Carson joined Mohawk as President — Hard Surfaces for Mohawk Flooring in 2006, with responsibilities later expanded to include logistics. From 2008 until his current promotion, Mr. Carson served as Chief Operating Officer — Mohawk Flooring. Mr. Carson served in manufacturing and senior management roles with Armstrong World Industries for 16 years prior to joining the Company.
Bernard P. Thiers
President – Laminate and Wood
Mr. Thiers (age 58) was promoted to President — Unilin in January 2009, succeeding Mr. De Cock in this position. Mr. Thiers joined Unilin in 1984 as a plant manager and has served in roles of increasing management significance since that time. From 1996 to 2006, he served as Managing Director of Unilin Flooring and from 2006 until his 2009 promotion, he served as President — Unilin Flooring.
John Turner, Jr.
President – Ceramic North America
Mr. Turner (age 45) was promoted to President — Dal-Tile in January 2012. Mr. Turner began his career with Dal-Tile in 1990, progressing through a series of sales, operations and management roles. In 2005, Mr. Turner was promoted to Senior Vice President of Sales. From 2008 to 2011, he served as Senior Vice President of Operations — Dal-Tile, and from 2011 until his 2012 promotion, he served as Chief Operating Officer — Dal-Tile.
R. David Patton
Vice President — Business Strategy and General Counsel
Mr. Patton (age 43) was named Vice President — Business Strategy and General Counsel of the Company in July 2013. In June 2014, Mr. Patton was also appointed as The Company's Chief Sustainability Officer. Before joining the Company, Mr. Patton was a Partner at Alston & Bird LLP, where he advised the Company and other clients in mergers & acquisitions, securities and corporate governance matters.
Karen A. Smith Bogart
President of Pacific Tributes, Inc.
Dr. Smith Bogart (age 56) has been a director of the Company since May 2011. Dr. Smith Bogart is President of Smith Bogart Consulting, working with companies to enhance their strategic and operational performance. From 2006 to 2013, she served as President of Pacific Tributes Inc., a start-up firm providing web-based printing services located in Santa Barbara, California. From 2003 to 2006, Dr.Smith Bogart was Chairman and President, Greater Asia Region and Senior Vice President of Eastman Kodak Company, located in Shanghai, PRC. She previously managed many of Eastman Kodak’s largest global businesses, including Kodak Professional Imaging, Consumer Printing, and Consumer Cameras and Batteries. Ms. Smith Bogart is also a director of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc., a high performance analog semiconductor company.
Bruce C. Bruckmann
Managing Director – Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co.
Mr. Bruckmann (age 60) has been a director of the Company since October 1992. Mr. Bruckmann has been a Managing Director of Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co., Inc., a private equity investment firm, since January 1995. From March 1994 to January 1995, Mr. Bruckmann served as Managing Director of Citicorp Venture Capital, Ltd. ("CVC, Ltd.") and as an executive officer of 399 Venture Partners, Inc. (formerly Citicorp Investments, Inc.). From 1983 until March 1994, Mr. Bruckmann served as Vice President of CVC, Ltd. Mr. Bruckmann is also a director of Town Sports International, Inc., a fitness club operator, H&E Equipment Services L.L.C., a renter and distributor of industrial and construction equipment, and Heritage — Crystal Clean Inc., a provider of parts cleaning services. Mr. Bruckmann is a former director and Chairman of the Board of MWI Veterinary Products, Inc., a distributor of animal health products to veterinarians. Mr. Bruckmann also serves as director for Downtown Locker Room, a private Eos Fitness, and Magpul Industries Corporation, which are private companies.
Frans G. De Cock
Former President – Unilin
Mr. De Cock (age 71) was elected to the Company's Board of Directors in October 2005 effective upon the closing of the Company's acquisition of Unilin Flooring BVBA and its affiliated companies ("Unilin") (now one of the Company's principal operating subsidiaries) and was named President — Unilin in November 2005. Mr. De Cock retired as President — Unilin effective January 1, 2009 but has continued to provide consulting services to Unilin since that time. Before joining Mohawk, Mr. De Cock was one of the managing directors of Unilin. From 1997 until 1999, he also served as President of the European Federation of Associations of Particleboard Manufacturers and, from 1999 until 2004, as President of the European Panel Federation.
John F. Fiedler
Former Chairman and CEO – BorgWarner, Inc.
Mr. Fiedler (age 75) has been a director of the Company since March 2002. Mr. Fiedler is the retired Chairman of the board of directors of BorgWarner. He most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of BorgWarner having been named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in January 1995. Prior to that, Mr. Fiedler served as President and Chief Operating Officer of BorgWarner. Before joining BorgWarner in June 1994, Mr. Fiedler was Executive Vice President of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company ("Goodyear"), where he was responsible for North American Tires. Mr. Fiedler's 29-year career with Goodyear included numerous sales, marketing and manufacturing positions in the United States and Asia. Mr. Fiedler is also a director of WABCO Holdings, Inc., a Belgian truck component manufacturer, Snap-on Inc., a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of tools and equipment solutions for professional tool users, and AirTran Holdings, Inc., a low-cost air travel provider. He is also a member of the Kent State Foundation Commission and on the Advisory Board of Prism Capital, a Mezzanine Fund, L.P.
Richard C. Ill
Chairman – Triumph Group
Mr. Ill (age 71) has been a director of the Company since May 2011. In April 2015 he was appointed as the President and CEO of Triumph Group, Inc. (“Triumph Group”), a public, international aviation services company. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Triumph Group from 1993 until 2009, when he became Chairman of Triumph’s board of directors. Previously, Mr. Ill held a variety of senior executive positions with Alco Standard Corporation until he founded what is now the Triumph Group. Mr. Ill has over 45 years of public company experience both in management, manufacturing and operations. In addition, Mr. Ill has 14 years of experience as a director of public companies, currently serving as a director of P.F. Glatfelter Company, a global supplier and leading manufacturer of paper and fiber products, and having formerly served as a director of Airgas, Inc., a distributor of industrial, medical, and specialty gases and related equipment, safety supplies and MRO products and services.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Lorberbaum (age 59) has been a director of the Company since our acquisition of Aladdin Mills Inc., ("Aladdin") in March 1994. He has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2004 and as the Company's Chief Executive Officer since January 2001 when he succeeded Mr. Kolb in this position. From January 1995 until January 2001, Mr. Lorberbaum served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Mr. Lorberbaum joined Aladdin in 1976 and served as Vice President — Operations from 1986 until February 1994 when he became President and Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph A. Onorato
Mr. Onorato (age 65) has been a director of the Company since February 2008. From July 1998 until his retirement in September 2000, Mr. Onorato served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Automotive Aftermarket Group of Dana Corporation, a global leader in the engineering, manufacturing and distribution of components and systems for worldwide vehicular and industrial manufacturers. In July 1998, Dana Corporation merged with Echlin, Inc. ("Echlin"), a worldwide manufacturer of motor vehicle parts. At the time of the merger, Mr. Onorato was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Echlin. While at Echlin, he also served as Treasurer from 1990 to 1994, and as Vice President and Treasurer from 1994 to 1997. He previously worked with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Since his retirement from Dana Corporation, Mr. Onorato has consulted with a private equity firm on acquisitions. Mr. Onorato also serves on the board of directors for Affinia Group Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ("Affinia"), a motor vehicle components manufacturer, where he is chairman of the Audit Committee. He serves as chairman of the Advisory Board of the School of Business at Quinnipiac University.
William H. Runge III
Managing Director – Alvarez and Marsal
Mr. Runge (age 62) has been a director of the Company since July 2014. Mr. Runge has been a Managing Director with Alvarez & Marsal since June 2002, a premier business advisory firm for companies seeking to transform operations, catapult growth and accelerate results. He serves as the head of the firm's North America restructuring practice for the South Region. In that capacity, Mr. Runge has served in Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Exectuive Officer and Controller roles in the manufacturing, distribution and service industries. Prior to his work with Alvarez & Marsal, Mr. Runge spent more than 10 years with the corporate restructuring group of Arthur Andersen in Atlanta, where he served as Partner-in-Charge for the Southeast Region.
W. Christopher Wellborn
President and Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Wellborn (age 58) has served as a director of the Company since our acquisition of Dal-Tile International Inc., ("Dal-Tile") in March 2002. He has served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since November 2005 and as its President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2009. Mr. Wellborn was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of Dal-Tile from August 1997 through March 2002. From March 2002 to November 2005, he served as President — Dal-Tile. From June 1993 to August 1997, Mr. Wellborn was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lenox, Inc. Mr. Wellborn is on the board of directors of Palm Harbor Homes, Inc., a builder of manufactured and modular custom homes.
American Olean, Bigelow, Columbia Flooring, Daltile, Dal-Tile, Durkan, Ivc Group, Kai Group, Karastan, Kerama Marazzi, Lees, Marazzi, Moduleo, Mohawk, Mohawk Home, Pergo, Quick-Step, and Unilin are registered trademarks of affiliates of Mohawk Industries, Inc.