PPL Corporation  Leadership Team


Leadership Team
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. For the best online experience, please update your browser.
Leadership Team
Leadership Team
William H. Spence
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
William H. Spence is chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer of PPL Corporation, one of the largest investor-owned utility companies in the United States.
With more than three decades of experience in the utility industry, Spence oversees distribution and transmission subsidiaries in the United States and the United Kingdom. PPL’s regulated delivery companies are expecting to invest $16 billion through 2019 – resulting in a projected $9 billion increase in the company’s regulated asset base.
Spence joined PPL in 2006 as executive vice president and Chief Operating Officer. He was named president and CEO in 2011 and chairman in 2012. Previously, he had 19 years of service with Pepco Holdings, Inc., where he held a number of senior management positions including president of Conectiv Energy and president of Pepco Energy Services.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in petroleum and natural gas engineering from The Pennsylvania State University and a master’s degree in business administration from Bentley College. Spence also is a graduate of the Executive Development Program at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School and the Nuclear Technology Program of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Spence is currently serving on the board of the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI). Spence also serves as a member of the Executive Committee of the Edison Electric Institute and as co-chairman of EEI’s CEO Policy Committee on Reliability and Business Continuity. He is a member of both EEI’s CEO Policy Committee on Environment and the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, which serves as the principal liaison between the federal government and the electric power sector to protect the grid from cyber and physical threats to critical infrastructure.
Spence serves on the executive board of the Lehigh Valley Partnership, as a trustee adviser to the Delaware Museum of Natural History and as a council member of the Pennsylvania Society. He is a member of the executive committee of the Downtown Allentown Community Development Initiative and serves on Allentown School District’s Building 21 Executive Committee.
Joanne H. Raphael
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Joanne H. Raphael is senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of PPL Corporation. In addition to leading PPL’s legal department, Raphael is also responsible for PPL’s government relations, corporate communications and philanthropy functions.
Raphael joined PPL in 1988 as an attorney in the Office of General Counsel and advanced to deputy general counsel before being named vice president of External Affairs in 1998. She served as senior vice president and Chief External Affairs Officer before being named to her current position in 2015.
Prior to joining PPL, Raphael was an associate in the Philadelphia office of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius.
Raphael holds a bachelor’s degree in economics and political science from Wellesley College and a juris doctor from Stanford Law School, where she served as note editor of the Stanford Law Review.
Vincent Sorgi
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Vincent Sorgi serves as PPL Corporation’s senior vice president and Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since June 2014. He oversees PPL’s investor relations, treasury, financial planning and analysis, tax, risk management, controllership and strategic development functions.
Before assuming his current title, Sorgi served as vice president and controller for more than four years. He also served for three years as controller for PPL’s former Supply segment, which comprised PPL Generation and PPL EnergyPlus. Sorgi started his career at PPL in 2006 as financial director of the PPL Generation subsidiary. He has more than 20 years of experience in accounting, controllership, business planning, economic analysis, and mergers and acquisitions.
Sorgi joined PPL from Public Service Enterprise Group in New Jersey, where he served as director of business operations for PSEG Fossil, which operated power plants in North America. His other roles at PSEG included corporate and international controller for PSEG Global, which operated power plants and electricity distribution companies in North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, India and Asia; director of accounting services for PSEG’s unregulated business; and principal accountant, where he was responsible for SEC and regulatory reporting.
Prior to his service at PSEG, Sorgi was employed by Deloitte & Touche where he served as an auditor on energy and pharmaceutical engagements.
Sorgi earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting from The Pennsylvania State University and his MBA from Villanova University. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is chairman of the board of the Da Vinci Science Center in Allentown, Pa. Sorgi is also on the board of The PPL Foundation, which contributes millions each year to improve the lives of people in the communities PPL serves.
Gregory N. Dudkin
President, PPL Electric Utilities
Gregory N. Dudkin is president of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation, the subsidiary that provides electric delivery services to 1.4 million customers in Pennsylvania. PPL Electric Utilities operates and maintains a vast electric delivery system that spans 10,000 square miles and serves a population of more than 3 million.
Dudkin oversees the largest capital program in the utility’s history with investments of about $5 billion over the next five years, including major transmission expansion, local reliability improvements and increased deployment of advanced technology. It’s part of an extended commitment to renew, strengthen and modernize the company’s electric delivery system to meet customer needs for years to come.
Dudkin has more than three decades of experience in telecommunications, electric and gas utility operations. He was named to his current position in March 2012. He joined PPL in 2009 as senior vice president of Operations.
Previously, he spent three years as Comcast’s senior vice president of technical operations and fulfillment. Prior to that, he served as regional senior vice president.
He has 24 years of wide-ranging electric and gas utility experience at subsidiaries of Exelon Corp. During his years in the utility business, he was executive vice president of Energy Delivery Operations at Chicago-based ComEd and in customer service and operations leadership positions at Philadelphia-based PECO Energy Company.
Dudkin serves on the board of directors of the Energy Association of Pennsylvania and a number of industry and community boards, including the Southeast Electric Exchange, and Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority. Dudkin is also on the board of the PPL Foundation, which contributes millions each year to improve the lives of people in the communities PPL serves. Dudkin holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Delaware and a master’s in business administration from Widener University of Chester, Pa.
Victor A. Staffieri
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, LG&E and KU Energy
Victor A. Staffieri is chairman, chief executive officer and president of Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, the subsidiaries of PPL Corporation that generate about 8,300 megawatts of electricity and serve 1.3 million electricity and natural gas customers in Kentucky, Virginia and Tennessee. With 29 years of experience in the utility industry, he was named to his current position in 2001.
Staffieri began his career as an attorney at Long Island Lighting Company in Hicksville, N.Y., in 1980. Prior to joining LG&E Energy as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary in 1992, he held several management positions at Long Island Lighting, culminating in general counsel and secretary. Staffieri subsequently became LG&E Energy’s senior vice president-public policy, and general counsel; president, Louisville Gas and Electric Company; president, Distribution Services Division; chief financial officer; and president and chief operating officer before being promoted to is present position.
Staffieri has a bachelor’s degree from Yale University and a juris doctor from the Fordham University School of Law. Staffieri was on the boards of the Electric Power Research Institute, Kentucky Country Day School, Metro United Way, MidAmerica Bancorp, the Louisville Area Chamber of Commerce, Leadership Louisville, and served as co-chairman of the board of the Jefferson County/Louisville Area Chamber of Commerce Family Business Partnership.
Staffieri served as chairman of the Louisville Area Chamber of Commerce and was chairman of the Coordination Council for Economic Development Activities-Regional Economic Development Strategy, cabinet member and chairman of Community Campaign for Metro United Way. Staffieri recently chaired a statewide business task force on postsecondary education in cooperation with the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce.
Robert A. Symons
Chief Executive, Western Power Distribution
Robert A. Symons was appointed vice president-United Kingdom for PPL Global in October 2005 and has been the chief executive of PPL Global’s Western Power Distribution operation since March 2000. Based in Bristol, England, the WPD companies — WPD South West, WPD South Wales, WPD West Midlands and WPD East Midlands — deliver electricity to 7.8 million customers in southwest England, south and west Wales, and in the Midlands area of central England. WPD has 6,000 employees.
Symons started in the energy industry in 1971 as a student engineer with the former South Western Electricity. He later became the company’s operations director, which reorganized and changed its name to WPD in 1999. As operations director he was instrumental in the achievement of improvements in network performance and reductions in cost that resulted in WPD being regarded as one of the United Kingdom’s leading electricity distribution companies.
Appointed as Chief Executive of WPD in 2000, Symons headed the acquisition team to purchase Hyder plc, a multi-utility holding company. Hyder’s water business and other assets were sold as successful businesses in their own right. The disposal of the main Hyder business, Welsh Water, was established as Glas Cymru, a “not for profit” company, which was a first of its kind. Infralec, the electricity distribution business, was retained and renamed WPD South Wales.
In 2014, Symons led WPD through a regulatory price review process that resulted in it being the only electricity or gas distribution company to have its business plan fast-tracked by its regulator, the Office of the Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem).
Symons is a chartered engineer and a fellow of the Institution of Electrical Engineers.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.
Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr., with more than 20 years of experience in the utility industry, is PPL Corporation’s vice president-Investor Relations and treasurer. In this role, he is responsible for PPL’s investor relations program and provides leadership over the company’s financing and investing activities. He led the investor relations efforts during two of the largest cash acquisitions in the U. S. utility sector, and the spinoff of PPL’s competitive energy business. He is also responsible for the corporate budgeting and financial planning activities, including the development of the company’s multi-year business plan.
Prior to joining PPL in 1999, he worked at Amerigas Partners, L.P. where he held various positions including financial manager. In this role he performed all financial duties related to that company’s development of new propane distribution locations and performed the financial analysis and negotiation of mergers and acquisitions of numerous propane businesses.
Bergstein, a native of the Allentown area, earned a bachelor’s degree in business management from Bloomsburg University. He also serves on the board of ArtsQuest, a nonprofit organization that provides access to art, culture and educational programs to residents of the Lehigh Valley.
Stephen K. Breininger
Vice President and Controller
Stephen K. Breininger serves as PPL Corporation’s vice president and controller. He has served as controller since June 2014 and vice president since January 2015.
Prior to assuming his current title, Breininger served as assistant controller–business lines for a year. He also served for three years as controller for the former PPL Supply segment, which comprised PPL Generation and PPL EnergyPlus, the company’s marketing business. The competitive generation business was spun off in 2015 into Talen Energy Corporation, a new, publicly traded independent company. He has more than 20 years of experience in accounting, controllership, derivatives and financial reporting.
He joined PPL in 2001 as a financial specialist in Financial Reporting and became manager of that department in 2004. He joined PPL from Wood Dining Services, where he served as a financial analyst. Previously, he was a financial analyst for three years at Air Products and Chemicals and also worked as a senior accounting and auditing assistant at Deloitte & Touche.
Breininger, who grew up in the Allentown area, earned an accounting degree from the Pennsylvania State University and a master’s of business administration in management from DeSales University. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is treasurer of the board of the Da Vinci Science Center in Allentown, Pa.
David G. DeCampli
Global Chief Compliance Officer, PPL Services
David G. DeCampli is PPL’s Global Chief Compliance Officer. He has overall responsibility to ensure that PPL maintains an effective enterprise-wide ethics and compliance program in an ever-evolving and increasingly complex regulatory and enforcement environment.
Prior to assuming this role on Jan. 1, 2016, DeCampli served as the Chief Transition Officer for PPL. He led the transition team up to and following the spinoff of PPL’s competitive generation business into a new, publicly traded independent company, Talen Energy Corporation. The spinoff was completed on June 1, 2015.
DeCampli previously served as president of PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation for two years, with responsibility for the company’s merchant generating facilities owned by PPL Generation as well as the energy marketing and trading operations of PPL EnergyPlus.
DeCampli also served for five years as president of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation, PPL Corporation’s Pennsylvania regulated electric delivery company. He has more than 30 years of electric and gas industry experience.
He joined PPL Electric Utilities as senior vice president of Transmission and Distribution Operations and Engineering in 2006. Previously, he was vice president of Asset Management for Exelon Energy Delivery, responsible for system planning, investment strategy and operational performance for both PECO Energy in Philadelphia and Commonwealth Edison in Chicago. Earlier in his career, he held several positions with increasing responsibility in engineering, electric operations and customer service.
He holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Drexel University and a master’s degree in organizational dynamics from the University of Pennsylvania.
DeCampli serves as the chairman of the board of trustees for Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network in Allentown, Pa. He also serves as president of the board of directors of the Association of Edison Illuminating Companies and as a member of the Edison Electric Institute’s Energy Supply Executive Advisory Committee, the Policy Roundtable of the Pennsylvania Business Council and the President’s Energy and Environment Council at Drexel University.
Thomas J. Lynch
Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, PPL Services
Thomas J. Lynch is vice president and Chief Human Resources Officer for PPL. He provides oversight and direction for PPL’s human resources organization, which includes the traditional core HR, compensation, payroll and benefits functions as well as oversight for security and emergency planning.
Lynch has more than 35 years of global Human Resources experience in the energy, services and manufacturing industries. His experience and leadership continues to advance PPL’s reputation as an employer of choice, a company that cares for and develops its employees, and one that provides challenging and rewarding career opportunities.
Prior to joining PPL in 2016, Lynch was the senior vice president of Human Resources at Walter Energy, Inc. in Birmingham, Alabama. He has also led human resources activities at NRG Energy, Inc., in Princeton, New Jersey and the New York Independent System Operator in Rensselear, New York.
Lynch earned a bachelor’s degree in English and political science from the State University of New York at Oswego and a law degree from New York Law School.
Paul W. Thompson
Chief Operating Officer, LG&E and KU Energy
Paul W. Thompson was named to his current position in February 2013. He is responsible for all operations areas including generation, energy supply and analysis, electric distribution and transmission, gas distribution and storage, and customer service. Thompson has more than 21 years of experience in the electric and natural gas utility industry. Prior to coming to Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, he worked for 10 years in the oil and gas industry.
Thompson started his career as manager of Financial Planning at Northwest Industries in Chicago. Prior to joining the company in 1991, he worked for Lone Star Technologies, a Northwest Industries subsidiary in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Dallas; and for Koch Industries Inc. in Tulsa and Boston. Thompson joined LG&E in 1991 as director of Business Development and subsequently held several upper-management positions before being promoted to senior vice president of Energy Services in 1999.
Thompson has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a master’s degree in business administration in finance and accounting from the University of Chicago. He also completed the Executive Program on Leading Corporate Transformation at the E.ON Academy Harvard University. He is a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
Thompson is currently a board member of Electric Energy Inc. and Ohio Valley Electric Corporation, and is on the advisory board for the University of Kentucky Center for Applied Energy Research. He was previously a board member and chairman of the board of the FutureGen Industrial Alliance.
In civic roles, he currently serves as vice chair of the board of the Louisville Downtown Development Corporation, and a board and executive committee member for Greater Louisville Inc. He is a past chairman of the Louisville Free Public Library Foundation Board and currently serves as the Advocacy Committee Chair. Thompson also is a graduate of Leadership Louisville.