Coca-Cola Leaders: The Coca-Cola Company


EKOCENTER
Since our first soda fountain sales in 1886, we have been a driver of marketplace innovation and an investor in local economies. Today we lead the beverage industry with more than 500 beverage brands -- including four of the world's top-five sparkling brands. But while our business opportunities are enormous, our commitment to our consumers and the communities in which we operate is even greater. , our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, leads us into the new century with a firm commitment to the values and spirit of the world's greatest brand. In our journey to become a sustainable, profitable growth company, our management structure has evolved to sharpen external focus on the marketplace with greater speed, productivity and effectiveness.
Muhtar Kent
  President and Chief Operating Officer
James Quincey
President ASEAN : Greater China and Korea: India & South West Asia: Japan: South Pacific: President Central, East and West Africa: Middle East and North Africa: Russia, Ukraine and Belarus: Southern Africa: Turkey, Caucasus and Central Asia: Central and Southern Europe: Western Europe:   President Brazil: Latin Center: Mexico: South Latin: (Coca‑Cola North America and Coca‑Cola Refreshments)
Atul Singh
Iain McLaughlin
Henrique Braun
Venkatesh Kini
Tim Brett
Roberto Mercadé
Nathan Kalumbu
Kelvin Balogun
Curtis A. Ferguson
Zoran Vucinic
Therese Gearhart
Galya Frayman Molinas
Nikos Koumettis
Dan Sayre
Brian J. Smith
Xiemar Zarazúa
Alfredo Rivera
Francisco Crespo Benítez
John Murphy
       President    Canada:         President    Canada: President
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.
Christian Polge
Paul Mulligan
John Guarino
Irial Finan
Martin Jansen
T. Krishnakumar
Ulrik Nehammer
Bill Schultz
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer   President and Chief Operating Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Executive Vice President and President, Coca‑Cola North America Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer Executive Vice President and President, Bottling Investments Group Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Legal Counsel   Senior Vice President, Chief Customer and Commercial Leadership Officer Senior Vice President, Strategy and Planning Senior Vice President, Chief Technical Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Public Affairs and Communications Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Muhtar Kent
James Quincey
Marcos de Quinto
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.
Ceree Eberly
Irial Finan
Bernhard Goepelt
Julie Hamilton
Brent Hastie
Ed Hays
Clyde C. Tuggle
Kathy N. Waller
Senior Vice President, Global Business Services Latin Affairs General Tax Counsel Investor Relations Officer Controller Robin Moore Chief of Internal Audit Christopher P. Nolan Corporate Treasurer Chief Sustainability Officer
Harry L. Anderson
Rudy M. Beserra
Robert J. Jordan, Jr.
Timothy K. Leveridge
Larry M. Mark
Beatriz Perez
Helen Smith Price Vice President of Global Community Affairs President of The Coca-Cola Foundation
Nancy Quan
Christine Quinn Director, Flavor Ingredient Supply
Director, Mergers and Acquisitions Assistant Controller Global Business Services Scientific and Regulatory Affairs Jos Wellekens Chief Quality, Safety and Sustainable Operations Officer  Gloria K. Bowden Corporate Secretary and Associate General Counsel Fiona K. Lynch Assistant Corporate Secretary
Marie D. Quintero-Johnson
Mark Randazza
Ann T. Taylor
Wamwari Waichungo
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Allen & Company Incorporated  Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aaron’s Inc. and Delta Airlines, Inc.
Herbert A. Allen
Ronald W. Allen
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, Marks & Spencer Group plc    Executive Chairman, Banco Santander, S.A.  President, Buffett Farms; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Howard G. Buffett Foundation    Executive Chairman, Tur Partners LLC; Of Counsel, Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP  Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive, IAC/InterActiveCorp and Expedia, Inc.  Chief Executive Officer, McKinsey Social Initiative    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chubb Limited  Chair and Chief Executive Officer, New Ventures LLC   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, The Coca‑Cola Company    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Activision Blizzard, Inc.  Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner, WE Family Offices Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI)  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Judd Enterprises, Inc.
Marc Bolland
Ana Botín
Howard G. Buffett
Richard M. Daley
Barry Diller
Helene D. Gayle
Evan G. Greenberg
Alexis M. Herman
Muhtar Kent
Bobby Kotick
Maria Elena Lagomasino
Sam Nunn
David B. Weinberg
1 Audit Committee   Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance   Compensation Committee   Executive Committee   Finance Committee   Management Development Committee   Public Issues and Diversity Review Committee
Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone
Selena Gomez ‘Share a Coke and a Song’ Photo
Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone
A Letter from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
10 Facts to Mark the Brand’s 10th Birthday
U.S. Olympian Missy Franklin
Enhance the Taste of an Ice-Cold Coke with the + Riedel Glass
Why Coke CEO Muhtar Kent
19-Year-Old Collector
Slurpee
Masthead
The Opener
Climbing Grier Mountain
Marcus Nillsson
Scott Kelby's Photoshop Insider
Madalynne
The Kittchen
Cooking With Amy
Manners and Moxie
Minute Maid
Odwalla
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is the world's largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands and more than 3,800 beverage choices. Led by , one of the world's most valuable and recognizable brands, our company’s portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, 18 of which are available in reduced-, low- or no-calorie options. Our billion-dollar brands include Diet Coke, Zero, Fanta, Sprite, Dasani, vitaminwater, Powerade, Minute Maid, Simply, Del Valle, Georgia and Gold Peak. Through the world's largest beverage distribution system, we are the No. 1 provider of both sparkling and still beverages.  More than 1.9 billion servings of our beverages are enjoyed by consumers in more than 200 countries each day. With an enduring commitment to building sustainable communities, our company is focused on initiatives that reduce our environmental footprint, create a safe, inclusive work environment for our associates, and enhance the economic development of the communities where we operate. Together with our bottling partners, we rank among the world's top 10 private employers with more than 700,000 system associates.