Anthony Hayward
Non-executive Chairman
Appointed: Anthony Hayward has been Independent Non-Executive Chairman from May 2013. Prior to being appointed Chairman he was the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director.
Experience: Dr Hayward is non-executive chairman of Genel Energy plc (LON:GENL), a partner and member of the European advisory Board of AEA Capital and chairman of Compact GTL Limited. 
Dr Hayward was group chief executive of BP plc from 2007 to 2010, having joined BP in 1982 as a rig geologist in the North Sea.
Following a series of technical and commercial roles in Europe, Asia and South America, he returned to London in 1997 as a member of the upstream executive committee. He became group treasurer in 2000, chief executive for BP upstream activities and member of the main Board of BP in 2003.
Dr Hayward studied geology at Aston University in Birmingham and completed a Ph.D. at Edinburgh University. He is also a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and holds honorary doctorates from the University of Edinburgh, Aston University and the University of Birmingham.
Member of the Health, Safety, Environment and Communities Committee.

Ivan Glasenberg
Chief Executive Officer
Appointed: Ivan Glasenberg joined Glencore in April 1984 and has been Chief Executive Officer since January 2002.
Experience: Mr Glasenberg initially spent three years working in the coal commodity department in South Africa as a marketer, before spending two years in Australia as head of the Asian coal commodity division. Between 1988 and 1989, he was based in Hong Kong as head of Glencore’s Hong Kong and Beijing offices, as well as head of coal marketing in Asia, where his responsibilities included overseeing the Asian coal marketing business of Glencore and managing the administrative functions of the Hong Kong and Beijing offices.
In January 1990, he was made responsible for the worldwide coal business of Glencore for both marketing and industrial assets, and remained in this role until he became Chief Executive Officer in January 2002.
Mr Glasenberg is a Chartered Accountant of South Africa and holds a Bachelor of Accountancy from the University of Witwatersrand. Mr Glasenberg also holds an MBA from the University of Southern California. He is currently a non-executive director of UC Rusal plc (HKG:0486). Before joining Glencore, Mr Glasenberg worked for five years at Levitt Kirson Chartered Accountants in South Africa.
Chairman of the Nomination Committee; member of the Audit Committee.

Peter Grauer
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed: Peter Grauer was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director in June 2013 and became the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director in May 2014.
Experience: Mr Grauer is chairman of Bloomberg Inc., the global financial media company that was founded in 1981. Mr Grauer was chairman and chief executive officer from 2002 to 2011 and has been a member of Bloomberg’s board of directors since 1996.
Prior to this, Mr Grauer was managing director of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette from 1992 to 2000 when DLJ was acquired by Credit Suisse First Boston and founder of DLJ Merchant Banking. He served as managing director and senior partner of CSFB Private Equity until 2002. Mr Grauer is a director of Blackstone (NYSE:BX) and Davita Healthcare Partners (NYSE:DVA). Mr Grauer is also a member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum, and a trustee of Rockefeller University.
Mr Grauer graduated from the University of North Carolina and the Harvard University Graduate School of Business Program for Management Development in 1975.
Chairman of the Health, Safety, Environment and Communities Committee.

Peter Coates AO
Non-Executive Director
Appointed: Peter Coates has been a Non-Executive Director since January 2014. Prior to this he served as an Executive Director from June to December 2013 and a Non-Executive Director from April 2011 to May 2013.
Experience: Prior to joining Glencore in 1994 as a senior executive in the coal department, Mr Coates had occupied many senior positions in a diverse range of resource companies, including those mining silver, lead, nickel, iron ore, bauxite and coal. When Glencore sold its Australian and South African coal assets to Xstrata in 2002, he joined Xstrata as chief executive of its coal business, stepping down in December 2007.
He was non-executive director and chairman of Xstrata Australia from January 2008 until August 2009. From April 2008 until April 2011, he was non-executive chairman of Minara Resources Ltd. Mr Coates is non-executive chairman of Santos Limited (ASX:STO) and Sphere Minerals Limited (ASX:SPH) and a non-executive director of Event Hospitality and Entertainment Limited (ASX:EVT), and a past chairman of the Minerals Council of Australia, the NSW Minerals Council and the Australian Coal Association.
Mr Coates holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of New South Wales. He was appointed to the Office of the Order of Australia in June 2009 and awarded the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Medal for 2010.
Chairman of the Audit Committee; member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

Leonhard Fischer
Independent Non-executive Director
Appointed: Leonhard Fischer was appointed an Independent Non-Executive Director in April 2011.
Experience: Mr Fischer was appointed chief executive officer of BHF Kleinwort Benson Group S.A. (formerly RHJ International S.A.) (EBR:BHFKB) in January 2009, having been co-chief executive officer from May 2007. He is a director of Kleinwort Benson Bank Ltd and chairman of the supervisory board of BHF-Bank AG.
Mr Fischer was chief executive officer of Winterthur Group from 2003 to 2006 and a member of the executive board of Credit Suisse Group from 2003 to March 2007. He joined Credit Suisse Group from Allianz AG, where he had been a member of the management board and head of the Corporates and Markets Division. Prior to this, he had been a member of the executive board of Dresdner Bank AG in Frankfurt.
Mr Fischer holds an M.A. in Finance from the University of Georgia.
Member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees.

William Macaulay
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed: William Macaulay was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director in April 2011.
Experience: Mr Macaulay is the chairman and chief executive officer of First Reserve Corporation, a private equity investment firm focused on the energy industry, and has been with the company since its founding in 1983. 
Prior to joining First Reserve, Mr Macaulay was a co-founder of Meridien Capital Company, a private equity buyout firm. From 1972 to 1982, he served as director of corporate finance at Oppenheimer & Co. with direct responsibility for the firm’s buyout business. He also served as president of Oppenheimer Energy Corporation.
Mr Macaulay is a director of Weatherford International (NYSE:WFT). He also serves on numerous private energy company boards.
Mr Macaulay holds a B.B.A. degree (with honours) in Economics from City College of New York, and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He has also received an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Baruch College.
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Nomination Committee.

John Mack
Independent Non-executive Director
Appointed: John Mack was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director in June 2013.
Experience: Mr Mack previously served as chief executive officer of Morgan Stanley from June 2005 until December 2009. He retired as chairman in 2011. Mr Mack first joined Morgan Stanley in May 1972, becoming a board director in 1987 and was named President in 1993. Before rejoining Morgan Stanley as chairman and chief executive officer in June 2005, Mr Mack served as co-chief executive officer of Credit Suisse Group and chief executive officer of Credit Suisse First Boston.
Mr Mack is a non-executive director of Enduring Hydro and Corinthian Ophthalmic. He is also non-executive chairman of Tri-Alpha Energy Inc. Mr Mack also serves on the Advisory Board of China Investment Corporation, is a member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum, the NYC Financial Services  Advisory Committee and the Shanghai International Financial Advisory Council.
Mr Mack is a graduate of Duke University.
Member of the Health, Safety, Environment and Communities Committee.

Patrice Merrin
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed: Patrice Merrin was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director in June 2014. 
Experience: Following initial roles with Molson and Canadian Pacific, Ms Merrin worked at Sherritt, the Canadian diversified miner, for ten years until 2004, latterly as COO. She then became CEO of Luscar, Canada’s largest thermal coal producer. She is currently a non-executive director of Stillwater Mining (NYSE:SWC) and Novadaq Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq:NVDQ). She has been a director and then chairman of CML Healthcare (then TSX) from 2008 - 2013, of Enssolutions, a mine tailing solutions company, and of NB Power. 
Ms Merrin was a director of the Alberta Climate Change and Emissions Management Corporation from 2009 to 2014. She was also a member of the Canadian Advisory Panel on Sustainable Energy Science and Technology from 2005 to 2006 and from 2003 to 2006 was a member of Canada’s Round Table on the Environment and the Economy.
Ms Merrin is a graduate of Queen’s University, Ontario and completed the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD.