Gregory Lee
President and CEO Samsung Electronics North America
Gregory Lee is responsible for overseeing Samsung businesses across all offices in North America, including Samsung Electronics America, Inc and Samsung Electronics Canada, Inc.
Lee leads Samsung’s consumer and enterprise business strategy and is also responsible for establishing new strategic alliances, partner relationships, and overseeing development of new technology for Samsung Mobile.
As a recognized leader for his achievements in marketing and innovative operations, Gregory has held four positions at Samsung – first as Chief Marketing Officer at Samsung Electronics, next as President and CEO where he led Samsung Electronics’ businesses in Southeast Asia, then as President and CEO of Samsung Mobile and now in his newly expanded role that also includes President and CEO of North American Headquarters (NAHQ).
Before joining Samsung, Gregory’s experiences included Johnson & Johnson and Procter & Gamble in general management and marketing. Gregory started his career in the United States and has worked extensively in both the U.S. and Asia.

Jaesoo Han
President and CEO Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
As President of Samsung Semiconductor Inc., a multi-billion dollar U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics, Mr. Han is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company's business within the Americas including its Memory, Display, Storage, Foundry, System LSI, and LED organizations.
Spanning more than 26 years, Mr. Han has held a variety of management roles in sales and marketing for Samsung Electronics – in Korea, the U.S. and Europe.
Before taking the reins of Samsung Semiconductor in the Americas, Mr. Han served for three years as Senior Vice President and sales leader of Samsung Electronics’ world-leading Memory Business in Korea. Prior to that, he spent five years as Vice President and then President of Samsung Semiconductor Europe in Frankfurt, Germany.
Mr. Han holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Seong Kyun Kwan University in Seoul Korea.
Dr. Youngwook ("YW") Park
President Samsung Austin Semiconductor
As President of Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS), owned by Samsung Electronics, Dr. Park oversees one of the most advanced semiconductor plants in the United States where state-of-the-art mobile SoC chips are made. Dr. Park received his undergraduate degree in Material Science from Seoul National University, and his Master's and Ph.D from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST). After earning his doctorate from KAIST, Dr. Park joined the research and development arm of Samsung Electronics' Semiconductor business in 1991. Dr. Park quickly established himself as a prolific inventor, authoring and co- authoring more than 150 U.S. patents.
From 2006-2009, Dr. Park served as the Chief Operating Officer of Siltronic Samsung Wafer in Singapore, a joint venture between Samsung and a German partner. In 2010, he returned to Korea and led the System LSI Advanced Process Team, Manufacturing Tech Team and Technology Development Team. Dr. Park was named President of Samsung Austin Semiconductor in October of 2013.
