Volkswagen Group Management

Homepage
The Group
Executive Bodies
Committees of the Supervisory Board
Production Plants
History
Compliance
Brands and Products
Innovation
Sustainability and Responsibility
Investor Relations
Human Resources
Press
Deutsch
English
Stock Ticker
Open the File Folder. ()
0
Executive Bodies
Add to File Folder
MANAGEMENT BOARD
Currently the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG comprises nine members. Each Board Member is responsible for one or more functions within the Volkswagen Group. Matthias Müller is the Chairman.
The work of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG is supported by the boards of the brands and regions as well as by the other group business units and holdings.
 
                                                   
Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG
Member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, with responsibility for 'Group Research and Development', with responsibility for 'Group Production', with responsibility for 'Sales and Marketing', Chairman of the Supervisory Board of AUDI AG
Matthias Müller
             Members of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG
Chairman of the Board of Management of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars brand
Dr. Herbert Diess
Functional Responsibility 'Human Resources and Organization'
Dr. Karlheinz Blessing
Functional Responsibility 'Procurement'
Dr. rer. pol. h. c. Francisco Javier Garcia Sanz
Functional Responsibility 'China'
Prof. Dr. rer. pol. Dr.-Ing. E. h. Jochem Heizmann
Functional Responsibility 'Integrity and Legal Affairs'
Dr. Christine Hohmann-Dennhardt
Functional Responsibility 'Commercial Vehicles'
Andreas Renschler
Chairman of the Board of Management of Audi AG
Prof. Rupert Stadler
Functional Responsibility 'Finance and Controlling'
Frank Witter
 
 
 
 
SUPERVISORY BOARD
The Supervisory Board is responsible for monitoring the Management and approving important corporate decisions. Moreover, it appoints the Members of the Board of Management.
The Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG comprises 20 members and conforms to the German Co-determination Act. Chairman October 7, 2015* Vice Chairman of Qatar Holding LLC April 22, 2010* Minister of State, Qatar May 5, 2015*
Members of the Supervisory Board Hans Dieter Pötsch
Dr. Hussain Ali Al-Abdulla
HE Akbar Al Baker
Union Secretary at the IG Metall Board June 1, 2016*
Birgit Dietze
President and Group Chief Executive of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB May 03, 2011* Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen Management Association (VMA) January 01, 2013* Chairman of the Works Council at the Volkswagen AG Braunschweig plant April 19, 2012*
Annika Falkengren
Dr. Hans-Peter Fischer
Uwe Fritsch
IG Metall November 20, 2015*
Jörg Hofmann
Chairman of the General and Group Works Council of Dr. Ing. h. c. F. Porsche AG Juli 01, 2015*
Uwe Hück
Representative of the Swedish Metal Worker's Union of Scania AB November 22, 2015*
Johan Järvklo
April 30, 2015*
Dr. Louise Kiesling
Minister of Economic Affairs, Labor and Transport for the Federal State of Lower Saxony February 19, 2013*
Olaf Lies
Chairman of the General Works Council of AUDI AG January 18, 2006*    Chairman of the General and Group Works Councils of Volkswagen AG January 01, 2005* Lawyer in private practice August 07, 2009* Member of the Board of Management of Familie Porsche AG Beteiligungsgesellschaft August 07, 2009* Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Porsche Automobil Holding SE Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Dr. Ing. h. c. F. Porsche AG April 24, 2008*
Peter Mosch
Bernd Osterloh
Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch
Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche
Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang Porsche
Minister-President of the Federal State of Lower Saxony February 19, 2013*
Stephan Weil
Deputy Chairman of the General and Group Works Councils of Volkswagen AG January 01, 2013*     Chairman of the Works Council of Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles May 15, 2010*   * The date indicates the effective date of appointment to the Supervisory Board.
Stephan Wolf
Thomas Zwiebler
