
Home Contact Us Careers Employee Access Français Key Customer Contact Sales Service (CA & US) 1-877-877-4684 Publishing Sales (CA) 1-800-267-5280 (US) 1-800-267-0702 Technical, Specialty and Premium (CA) 1-800-267-5290 (US) 1-800-267-0721 Converting Papers (CA & US) 1-800-253-9455 Domtar Distribution Group (CA & US) 1-859-292-5000 Search,      Paper Products . Xerox . Locations . Merchant Lists . Resources . Tools . News . International Pulp Pulp Grades . Mill Locations . Lignin Personal Care Adult Incontinence . Baby / Infant . Absorbent Technologies . About Domtar Personal Care Sustainability Our Goals . Our Performance . Collaborations . Certification . Timber Regulation . EarthChoice® . Sustainable Forestry Principles Investors and Media Company . Releases . SEC Filings . Earnings . Calendar . Stock . Analyst Corner . Brand Elements . FAQ Corporate About Us . Management Committee . Board of Directors and Committees . Governance Documents . Ethics and Policies  
Paper,  Products . Xerox . Locations . Merchant Lists . Resources . Tools . News . International
Products,  ., , , , , , ,  Xerox,  ., , , , , , ,  Locations,  ., , , , , , ,  Merchant Lists,  ., , , , , , ,  Resources,  ., , , , , , ,  Tools,  ., , , , , , ,  News,  ., , , , , , ,  International, 
Investors and Media,  Company . Releases . SEC Filings . Earnings . Calendar . Stock . Analyst Corner . Brand Elements . FAQ
Company,  ., , , , , , , ,  Releases,  ., , , , , , , ,  SEC Filings,  ., , , , , , , ,  Earnings,  ., , , , , , , ,  Calendar,  ., , , , , , , ,  Stock,  ., , , , , , , ,  Analyst Corner,  ., , , , , , , ,  Brand Elements,  ., , , , , , , ,  FAQ, 
Management Committee,  Management Committee,  John D. Williams President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) John D. Williams has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Domtar since January 2009. He is also a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Williams has more than 30 years of experience in both consumer products and packaging. He began his career in consumer product sales in 1976, gaining insight into key market dynamics in the U.K. and the U.S. In 1988, he became European Managing Director of Sweetheart International, a major food packaging and food service business, where he cultivated a customer-driven market view and contributed to record profit and sales growth. In 1992, the company was acquired by the Finnish conglomerate, Huhtamaki. Mr. Williams was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Group President of the packaging business (Polarcup), one of the company’s core divisions. Mr. Williams’ experience in the packaging sector continued to grow at Rexam, the world’s second largest consumer packaging group. There, he held a number of senior management roles in specialty food packaging from 1996 to 2000. His professional journey then took him to SCA Packaging, a business group of the global consumer goods and paper giant, SCA. As President of SCA Packaging Europe from 2005 to 2008, Mr. Williams helped transform the company from an undifferentiated manufacturer into a market-driven, customer-oriented packaging solutions provider.   Mr. Williams is Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directors of Owens Corning (NYSE: OC), Chairman of the Paper and Packaging Board (the Paper Check-off); the past Chairman of the Board of the American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA); and Chair of the advisory board of the Stern Center for Sustainable Business at New York University. In 2010, he was named North American CEO of the Year by RISI as well as Global CEO of the Year by Pulp & Paper International (PPI).  Mr. Williams was named “Executive Papermaker of the Year” for 2012 by PaperAge Magazine. He also serves on the boards of the British-American Business Council of North Carolina, which promotes trade and investment between the state and the United Kingdom, and the nonprofit Camp Blue Skies Foundation, which is dedicated to enhancing the lives of adults with intellectual disabilities. Daniel Buron Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Daniel Buron has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May 2004. Prior to May 2004, he was Vice President, Finance, Pulp and Paper Sales Division and, prior to September 2002, Vice President and Controller. He has management oversight and responsibility for all Financial functions, including financial reporting, financial risks and debt management, treasury operations, taxation, investor relations and information technology. Michael Fagan President, Personal Care division Michael Fagan has been Senior Vice President, Personal Care since 2012 and was appointed President of the Division in Febuary 2015. Prior to joining Domtar, Mr. Fagan held the positions of President and CEO of Attends Healthcare, Inc. since 2006 and Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing since 1999. Prior to joining Attends, he held a variety of sales development roles with Procter & Gamble, the previous owners of the Attends line of products and the creators of the category. Mr. Fagan has management oversight and responsibility for Domtar’s Personal Care segment that involves the manufacturing, sale and distribution of infant care and adult incontinence care products. Michael D. Garcia President, Pulp and Paper division Michael D. Garcia has been President of Domtar’s Pulp and Paper division since May 2014. Mr. Garcia has over 20 years of international management experience in paper, steel, and aluminum manufacturing and marketing on three continents. Prior to joining Domtar, Mr. Garcia was CEO of Evraz (EHS: SJ) Highveld Steel & Vanadium, in eMalahleni, South Africa. Mr. Garcia has management oversight and responsibility for Domtar’s manufacturing and marketing of pulp and paper. The division operates a network of 13 mills in the United States and Canada and sells pulp and paper in more than 50 countries. Zygmunt Jablonski Senior Vice President and Chief Legal and Administrative Officer Zygmunt Jablonski has been Senior Vice President, Law and Corporate Affairs since 2009 and was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Legal and Administrative Officer in February 2015. Prior to joining Domtar in 2008, he served in various in-house counsel positions for major manufacturing and distribution companies in the paper industry for over 13 years. From 1985 to 1994, he practiced law in Washington, D.C. Mr. Jablonski is responsible for legal affairs, secretariat, sustainability and environmental affairs, corporate communications, government relations, corporate human resources and internal audit. Patrick Loulou Senior Vice-President, Corporate Development Patrick Loulou has been Senior Vice President, Corporate Development since March 2007. Previously, he held a number of positions in the telecommunications sector as well as in management consulting. He has several years of experience in corporate strategy and business development. Mr. Loulou is responsible for managing new business development, corporate strategy, and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Loulou sits on the Board of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra, and is a trustee of the Montreal Fine Arts Museum Foundation.
Razvan L. Theodoru,  Vice-President, Corporate Law and Secretary 234 Kinsley Park Drive Fort Mill, SC 29715 803-802-8165 razvan.theodoru@domtar.com, 
Contact List Razvan L. Theodoru Vice-President, Corporate Law and Secretary 234 Kinsley Park Drive Fort Mill, SC 29715 803-802-8165 razvan.theodoru@domtar.com Show contacts | More   Reports And Documents 2016 Proxy Statement pdf 2015 annual report with form 10-K pdf Amended and restated certificate of incorporation pdf Amended and restated By-laws pdf   Receive Notifications RSS feed,  Email Alert,   
www.domtar.com/en/corporate/management/index.asp