
Sign In,  Our Company Our Leadership Board Of Directors Our History Design & Innovation Do Business With Us Page Image Our Leadership Page Content As a global marketer of consumer and commercial products that touch millions of people every day where they live, learn, work and play, our consumers are at the heart of all we do. Our leadership team maintains this focus and drives our commitment to delivering results while bringing our purpose and values to the forefront of our daily activities. The leadership team’s years of experience in global, high-impact product development and delivery are the foundation for our success -- today and in future generations. Executive Officers Michael B. Polk Chief Executive Officer, Newell Brands Michael Polk is Chief Executive Officer of Newell Brands, one of the leading consumer goods companies in the world with over $16 billion in sales. In 2016, Newell Rubbermaid and Jarden Corporation combined to form Newell Brands. Mike joined Newell Rubbermaid as President and Chief Executive Officer in July 2011 and transformed the company into a bigger, faster growing, more global and more profitable enterprise. A global marketer, innovator and leader with a proven record of growing brands, driving change and delivering superior financial performance, he has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2009. Previously, Mike was President of Global Foods, Home and Personal Care at Unilever, where he was responsible for the development, innovation and marketing of Unilever's entire 64 billion dollar portfolio of categories and brands. During eight years at Unilever, he is credited with transforming the company’s business in the Americas, sharpening Unilever’s global portfolio strategy, and creating a more competitive, faster-growing, innovation-driven organization. He was a member of the Unilever Executive Board from 2007-2011. Earlier, Mike spent 16 years at Kraft Foods serving as President, Asia Pacific Region, Kraft Foods International and President, Nabisco Biscuit & Snacks, Kraft Foods North America. In both positions, he served on Kraft’s Management Committee. Prior to Kraft, Mike spent three years at Procter & Gamble working in manufacturing and research & development in the Paper Products Division. He has a B.S. in operations research and industrial engineering from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Mike is a member of the Board of Directors of Colgate Palmolive Company and the Board of Trustees of Morehouse College.​ Mark S. Tarchetti President, Newell Brands Mark Tarchetti has worked in Consumer Products for nearly 20 years and worked with Newell Rubbermaid since 2011. He was the architect of the transformative Growth Game Plan strategy and the portfolio choices that followed. From 2013, he built the company’s global Development organization and, in this role, he oversaw a step-change in innovation and advertising for the brand portfolio and created three new functions in eCommerce, Design and Consumer Insights. During his tenure, there was a rebuild of consumer understanding, product development and marketing skills in the company, reflected in heightened growth and activities coming to market in 2015 and beyond. Mark also led corporate development establishing new eCommerce group and execution of a number of value creating acquisitions and disposals. Mark led the work on the Newell Rubbermaid side on the transformative combination with Jarden. As President, Mark will develop the company’s long-term strategy and roadmap for accelerated value creation. Mark has an enterprise-wide remit to bring the two companies together, establish an operating cadence and build a transformation team to deliver the synergies and translate the combination potential into action. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, Mark was the former head of Global Corporate Strategy for Unilever, where he spent 14 years in a variety of senior strategy, business and finance roles, and the founder of the international consulting firm Tarchetti & Co. Ltd. Mark holds a Bachelor of Arts in Joint Hons, Economics and Politics from Durham University in the United Kingdom.​ Ralph Nicoletti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Newell Brands Ralph Nicoletti is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Newell Brands. He has more than 35 years of finance experience, and is a seasoned executive having held CFO roles at three global companies. His career includes 27 years of diverse experience at Kraft Foods Inc. and as EVP-CFO of Tiffany, Cigna and Alberto Culver. Prior to joining Newell Brands, as EVP-CFO, Ralph led a variety of initiatives across the consumer products, healthcare and insurance, and luxury retail industries, including improvement of business operating performance, M&A strategy and integration, capital structure optimization, IT transformation and organization development. Ralph serves on the Board of Directors of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., one of the world's largest insurance brokerage and risk management services firms. He grew up in Rockland County, New York, and graduated from Pace University in 1979 with a bachelor's degree and went on to earn his MBA with honors in 1982.​​ William A. Burke III President, Jarden Group Bill Burke leads the Jarden Group in alignment with Newell Brands strategy and direction. He is responsible for developing best-in-class processes and capabilities, achieving optimal efficiencies and delivering against aggressive business objectives.  Prior to taking on this Newell Brands role, Bill served as Chief Operating Officer for Newell Rubbermaid, where he led the Delivery Organization. Burke had a proven track record of outstanding leadership and consistent growth since joining Newell Rubbermaid in 2003, including leading and repositioning the Lenox brand to deliver double-digit sales growth and heading the company's Professional businesses to accelerate international expansion. Burke's businesses were the most significant contributors to Newell Rubbermaid’s growth in recent years. Bill holds Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration degrees from Loyola University.​ Joseph A. Arcuri Chief Commercial Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group Joe Arcuri is Newell Rubbermaid Group's Chief Commercial Officer and leads the $5.9 billion global commercial operations of the company. Joe leverages his 30 years of consumer products industry experience to accelerate Newell Rubbermaid’s Growth Game Plan across a strong portfolio of leading brands. Joe joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2014 as Global President of the Home Solutions Business Segment. Prior to Newell Rubbermaid, Joe spent 28 years at Procter & Gamble and led several global business units across the health and beauty care industries. He created new brands, led external strategic partnerships, and delivered step change product and commercial innovation across an international customer environment. Joe graduated from Georgia Tech where he received a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and earned a Master of Business Administration from Duke University. Fiona Laird Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer, Newell Brands Fiona Laird leads the human resources and communications functions for Newell Brands. She has deep experience in the consumer products industry, having previously served in numerous HR, communications, and legal roles over a 25 year career at Unilever. Most recently, she was Executive Vice President, Human Resources, for Global Categories, Marketing, Communications, and R&D, based in London. Previously, she was Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Communications for Unilever’s North and Latin American geographies. Since 2013, Fiona has also served as a Non-Executive Director of N Brown Group PLC, a leading clothing, footwear, and household goods retailer based in the United Kingdom. She is currently Chair of the Remuneration and Corporate Social Responsibility Committees. Fiona is a graduate of the University of Strathclyde where she completed a double major program in English and history. She holds a JD degree with honors from Case Western Reserve University. Bradford Turner Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Newell Brands Brad Turner is the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Newell Brands. Brad was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Newell Rubbermaid in April 2015, leading the company’s legal, ethics and compliance and government affairs functions. A Newell Rubbermaid veteran of 11 years, Brad also served as the company’s Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Since joining the company in 2004, Brad has served in several roles including Vice President, Securities Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary and Group General Counsel for the company’s Office Products group. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, he was an associate focusing on mergers & acquisitions and corporate securities with Troutman Sanders LLP. Brad is a member of the Georgia Bar Association, and serves as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Corporate Counsel Section. He also serves as President of the Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association. Brad earned a law degree and an accounting degree from the University of Georgia, both with magna cum laude honors.​​ Russ Torres Chief Transformation Officer, Newell Brands Russ Torres, Chief Transformation Officer, Newell Brands, leads all integration and transformation efforts for the company. He has nearly two decades of experience driving large-scale, enterprise-wide transformations. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, Russ was a partner at Bain & Company, one of the world’s top management consulting firms. In his capacity as a Bain Partner, Russ was a leader in Bain’s consumer products practice and he led multiple operational transformations for large Consumer Products companies. Russ was also an executive at Mondelēz International, a $36 billion global snacks company where he played a leadership role in the Transformation of the NA regional business. Russ holds a Master of Business Administration degree with distinction from the Kellogg School of Management, where he majored in Finance.  He also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics, magna cum laude, from Dartmouth College.​​ Richard Davies Chief Development Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group Richard Davies joined Newell Rubbermaid in January 2013 to build bigger brands, drive innovation, and make a larger marketing impact, while extending the company’s footprint to the faster growing emerging markets in Latin America and Asia. Originally from New Zealand, where he joined Unilever in Sales, Richard most recently headed a global function of more than 700 people in more than 50 countries at Unilever where he was responsible for transforming the Insight capabilities of the business. He has a proven track record of creating brands, building mixes and bringing innovation to the consumer. Richard is a noted expert on the consumer market in East Asia and has lived and worked across the region during his 30-year career, including such roles as Chairman of Taiwan and Senior Vice President of Skincare for Unilever Asia, Vice President of Marketing and Development for Unilever Japan where he was responsible for taking the hair and skin care categories to market leadership. Prior to that he held senior Marketing roles for Unilever in Korea and in Taiwan. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration degree from Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand. Joseph W. Cavaliere Chief Customer Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group ​Joe Cavaliere joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2012 to globalize the company’s customer development organization and expand customer partnerships and collaboration. He has an outstanding industry reputation and track record of delivering growth, developing strategic customer partnerships that create value across the entire enterprise, and building world-class customer development capabilities. Joe most recently was Senior Vice President of Customer Development for North America at Unilever, where he was responsible for $11 billion in revenue across 17 categories. In his nine-year career at Unilever, he implemented a new strategic platform to build brands, optimize spending, enhance capabilities, develop talent and align the company to dramatically improve customer collaboration. This transformation catapulted Unilever to a top 5 ranking in the U.S. consumer goods industry, as measured by the Kantar/Cannondale survey. Previously, he had a distinguished 20-year career as a top customer development leader at Kraft Foods. He held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, culminating in the role of National Vice President of Sales--where he was responsible for the profitable growth of $11 billion in sales for 12 divisions and 72 categories across two delivery systems and a team of 1500. Joe serves on the board of directors for Students in Free Enterprise, the Retail Industry Leaders Association and the National Association of Chain Drug Foundation. He has a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania.​​​​ Executive Leaders © 2016 Newell Brands | Contact Legal Privacy Site Map California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Conflict Minerals
	1Michael B. Polk	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	, 	3Newell Brands	,
	1Mark S. Tarchetti	,  	2President	, Newell Brands,
	1Ralph Nicoletti	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	, Newell Brands,
	1William A. Burke III	,  	2President	, 	3Jarden Group,
Bill Burke leads the Jarden , Group in alignment with Newell Brands strategy and direction. He is responsible for developing best-in-class processes and capabilities, achieving optimal efficiencies and delivering against aggressive business objectives. , 
	1Joseph A. Arcuri	,  	2Chief Commercial Officer	, 	3Newell Rubbermaid Group	,
	1Fiona Laird	,  	2Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer	, 	3Newell Brands	,
Bradford Turner,  Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Newell Brands,  Brad Turner is the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Newell Brands. Brad was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Newell Rubbermaid in April 2015, leading the company’s legal, ethics and compliance and government affairs functions.,  A Newell Rubbermaid veteran of 11 years, Brad also served as the company’s Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Since joining the company in 2004, Brad has served in several roles including Vice President, Securities Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary and Group General Counsel for the company’s Office Products group. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, he was an associate focusing on mergers & acquisitions and corporate securities with Troutman Sanders LLP. Brad is a member of the Georgia Bar Association, and serves as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Corporate Counsel Section. He also serves as President of the Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association.,  Brad earned a law degree and an accounting degree from the University of Georgia, both with magna cum laude honors., ​​
	1Russ Torres	,  	2Chief Transformation Officer	, 	3Newell Brands	,
	1Richard Davies	,  	2Chief Development Officer	, 	3Newell Rubbermaid Group	,
	1Joseph W. Cavaliere	,  	2Chief Customer Officer	, 	3Newell Rubbermaid Group	,
​Joe Cavaliere joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2012 to globalize the company’s customer development organization and expand customer partnerships and collaboration. He has an outstanding industry reputation and track record of delivering growth, developing strategic customer partnerships that create value across the entire enterprise, and building world-class customer development capabilities.,
Joe most recently was Senior Vice President of Customer Development for North America at Unilever, where he was responsible for $11 billion in revenue across 17 categories. In his nine-year career at Unilever, he implemented a new strategic platform to build brands, optimize spending, enhance capabilities, develop talent and align the company to dramatically improve customer collaboration. This transformation catapulted Unilever to a top 5 ranking in the U.S. consumer goods industry, as measured by the Kantar/Cannondale survey.,  Previously, he had a distinguished 20-year career as a top customer development leader at Kraft Foods. He held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, culminating in the role of National Vice President of Sales--where he was responsible for the profitable growth of $11 billion in sales for 12 divisions and 72 categories across two delivery systems and a team of 1500.,  Joe serves on the board of directors for Students in Free Enterprise, the Retail Industry Leaders Association and the National Association of Chain Drug Foundation. He has a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania., ​​​​
Executive Officers Michael B. Polk Chief Executive Officer, Newell Brands Michael Polk is Chief Executive Officer of Newell Brands, one of the leading consumer goods companies in the world with over $16 billion in sales. In 2016, Newell Rubbermaid and Jarden Corporation combined to form Newell Brands. Mike joined Newell Rubbermaid as President and Chief Executive Officer in July 2011 and transformed the company into a bigger, faster growing, more global and more profitable enterprise. A global marketer, innovator and leader with a proven record of growing brands, driving change and delivering superior financial performance, he has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2009. Previously, Mike was President of Global Foods, Home and Personal Care at Unilever, where he was responsible for the development, innovation and marketing of Unilever's entire 64 billion dollar portfolio of categories and brands. During eight years at Unilever, he is credited with transforming the company’s business in the Americas, sharpening Unilever’s global portfolio strategy, and creating a more competitive, faster-growing, innovation-driven organization. He was a member of the Unilever Executive Board from 2007-2011. Earlier, Mike spent 16 years at Kraft Foods serving as President, Asia Pacific Region, Kraft Foods International and President, Nabisco Biscuit & Snacks, Kraft Foods North America. In both positions, he served on Kraft’s Management Committee. Prior to Kraft, Mike spent three years at Procter & Gamble working in manufacturing and research & development in the Paper Products Division. He has a B.S. in operations research and industrial engineering from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Mike is a member of the Board of Directors of Colgate Palmolive Company and the Board of Trustees of Morehouse College.​ Mark S. Tarchetti President, Newell Brands Mark Tarchetti has worked in Consumer Products for nearly 20 years and worked with Newell Rubbermaid since 2011. He was the architect of the transformative Growth Game Plan strategy and the portfolio choices that followed. From 2013, he built the company’s global Development organization and, in this role, he oversaw a step-change in innovation and advertising for the brand portfolio and created three new functions in eCommerce, Design and Consumer Insights. During his tenure, there was a rebuild of consumer understanding, product development and marketing skills in the company, reflected in heightened growth and activities coming to market in 2015 and beyond. Mark also led corporate development establishing new eCommerce group and execution of a number of value creating acquisitions and disposals. Mark led the work on the Newell Rubbermaid side on the transformative combination with Jarden. As President, Mark will develop the company’s long-term strategy and roadmap for accelerated value creation. Mark has an enterprise-wide remit to bring the two companies together, establish an operating cadence and build a transformation team to deliver the synergies and translate the combination potential into action. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, Mark was the former head of Global Corporate Strategy for Unilever, where he spent 14 years in a variety of senior strategy, business and finance roles, and the founder of the international consulting firm Tarchetti & Co. Ltd. Mark holds a Bachelor of Arts in Joint Hons, Economics and Politics from Durham University in the United Kingdom.​ Ralph Nicoletti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Newell Brands Ralph Nicoletti is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Newell Brands. He has more than 35 years of finance experience, and is a seasoned executive having held CFO roles at three global companies. His career includes 27 years of diverse experience at Kraft Foods Inc. and as EVP-CFO of Tiffany, Cigna and Alberto Culver. Prior to joining Newell Brands, as EVP-CFO, Ralph led a variety of initiatives across the consumer products, healthcare and insurance, and luxury retail industries, including improvement of business operating performance, M&A strategy and integration, capital structure optimization, IT transformation and organization development. Ralph serves on the Board of Directors of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., one of the world's largest insurance brokerage and risk management services firms. He grew up in Rockland County, New York, and graduated from Pace University in 1979 with a bachelor's degree and went on to earn his MBA with honors in 1982.​​ William A. Burke III President, Jarden Group Bill Burke leads the Jarden Group in alignment with Newell Brands strategy and direction. He is responsible for developing best-in-class processes and capabilities, achieving optimal efficiencies and delivering against aggressive business objectives.  Prior to taking on this Newell Brands role, Bill served as Chief Operating Officer for Newell Rubbermaid, where he led the Delivery Organization. Burke had a proven track record of outstanding leadership and consistent growth since joining Newell Rubbermaid in 2003, including leading and repositioning the Lenox brand to deliver double-digit sales growth and heading the company's Professional businesses to accelerate international expansion. Burke's businesses were the most significant contributors to Newell Rubbermaid’s growth in recent years. Bill holds Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration degrees from Loyola University.​ Joseph A. Arcuri Chief Commercial Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group Joe Arcuri is Newell Rubbermaid Group's Chief Commercial Officer and leads the $5.9 billion global commercial operations of the company. Joe leverages his 30 years of consumer products industry experience to accelerate Newell Rubbermaid’s Growth Game Plan across a strong portfolio of leading brands. Joe joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2014 as Global President of the Home Solutions Business Segment. Prior to Newell Rubbermaid, Joe spent 28 years at Procter & Gamble and led several global business units across the health and beauty care industries. He created new brands, led external strategic partnerships, and delivered step change product and commercial innovation across an international customer environment. Joe graduated from Georgia Tech where he received a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and earned a Master of Business Administration from Duke University. Fiona Laird Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer, Newell Brands Fiona Laird leads the human resources and communications functions for Newell Brands. She has deep experience in the consumer products industry, having previously served in numerous HR, communications, and legal roles over a 25 year career at Unilever. Most recently, she was Executive Vice President, Human Resources, for Global Categories, Marketing, Communications, and R&D, based in London. Previously, she was Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Communications for Unilever’s North and Latin American geographies. Since 2013, Fiona has also served as a Non-Executive Director of N Brown Group PLC, a leading clothing, footwear, and household goods retailer based in the United Kingdom. She is currently Chair of the Remuneration and Corporate Social Responsibility Committees. Fiona is a graduate of the University of Strathclyde where she completed a double major program in English and history. She holds a JD degree with honors from Case Western Reserve University. Bradford Turner Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Newell Brands Brad Turner is the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Newell Brands. Brad was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Newell Rubbermaid in April 2015, leading the company’s legal, ethics and compliance and government affairs functions. A Newell Rubbermaid veteran of 11 years, Brad also served as the company’s Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Since joining the company in 2004, Brad has served in several roles including Vice President, Securities Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary and Group General Counsel for the company’s Office Products group. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, he was an associate focusing on mergers & acquisitions and corporate securities with Troutman Sanders LLP. Brad is a member of the Georgia Bar Association, and serves as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Corporate Counsel Section. He also serves as President of the Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association. Brad earned a law degree and an accounting degree from the University of Georgia, both with magna cum laude honors.​​ Russ Torres Chief Transformation Officer, Newell Brands Russ Torres, Chief Transformation Officer, Newell Brands, leads all integration and transformation efforts for the company. He has nearly two decades of experience driving large-scale, enterprise-wide transformations. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid, Russ was a partner at Bain & Company, one of the world’s top management consulting firms. In his capacity as a Bain Partner, Russ was a leader in Bain’s consumer products practice and he led multiple operational transformations for large Consumer Products companies. Russ was also an executive at Mondelēz International, a $36 billion global snacks company where he played a leadership role in the Transformation of the NA regional business. Russ holds a Master of Business Administration degree with distinction from the Kellogg School of Management, where he majored in Finance.  He also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics, magna cum laude, from Dartmouth College.​​ Richard Davies Chief Development Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group Richard Davies joined Newell Rubbermaid in January 2013 to build bigger brands, drive innovation, and make a larger marketing impact, while extending the company’s footprint to the faster growing emerging markets in Latin America and Asia. Originally from New Zealand, where he joined Unilever in Sales, Richard most recently headed a global function of more than 700 people in more than 50 countries at Unilever where he was responsible for transforming the Insight capabilities of the business. He has a proven track record of creating brands, building mixes and bringing innovation to the consumer. Richard is a noted expert on the consumer market in East Asia and has lived and worked across the region during his 30-year career, including such roles as Chairman of Taiwan and Senior Vice President of Skincare for Unilever Asia, Vice President of Marketing and Development for Unilever Japan where he was responsible for taking the hair and skin care categories to market leadership. Prior to that he held senior Marketing roles for Unilever in Korea and in Taiwan. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration degree from Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand. Joseph W. Cavaliere Chief Customer Officer, Newell Rubbermaid Group ​Joe Cavaliere joined Newell Rubbermaid in December 2012 to globalize the company’s customer development organization and expand customer partnerships and collaboration. He has an outstanding industry reputation and track record of delivering growth, developing strategic customer partnerships that create value across the entire enterprise, and building world-class customer development capabilities. Joe most recently was Senior Vice President of Customer Development for North America at Unilever, where he was responsible for $11 billion in revenue across 17 categories. In his nine-year career at Unilever, he implemented a new strategic platform to build brands, optimize spending, enhance capabilities, develop talent and align the company to dramatically improve customer collaboration. This transformation catapulted Unilever to a top 5 ranking in the U.S. consumer goods industry, as measured by the Kantar/Cannondale survey. Previously, he had a distinguished 20-year career as a top customer development leader at Kraft Foods. He held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, culminating in the role of National Vice President of Sales--where he was responsible for the profitable growth of $11 billion in sales for 12 divisions and 72 categories across two delivery systems and a team of 1500. Joe serves on the board of directors for Students in Free Enterprise, the Retail Industry Leaders Association and the National Association of Chain Drug Foundation. He has a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania.​​​​ Executive Leaders, 
www.newellrubbermaid.com/OurCompany/Pages/OurLeadership.aspx