
About Us Overview Mission, Vision, Values and Culture Our Leadership Board of Directors and Committees Ethics and Compliance Our History Awards and Recognition AES Locations Sustainability Overview Financial Excellence Operational Excellence Availability and Reliability Cybersecurity Disaster Planning and Response Environmental Performance Environmental Management System and Culture Metrics and Performance Biodiversity Ensuring a Sustainable Future Stakeholder Engagement Our Communities Public Safety Suppliers Our People Global Talent Management Always On For Safety AES Performance Excellence Our Business Overview Andes SBU Asia SBU Brazil SBU Europe SBU MCAC SBU US SBU News & Views Newsroom AES In the News Press Releases Video Gallery Email Alerts Request for Materials Contact Media Relations Investors Overview Press Releases Stock Information Dividend History SEC Documents Financial Reports Summary Presentations and Webcasts Analyst Coverage Fixed Income FAQ Shareholder Inquiries Order Publications Email Alerts Contact Investor Relations RSS Feeds Careers Overview Job Search Contact Us About Us Overview Mission, Vision, Values and Culture Our Leadership Board of Directors and Committees Ethics and Compliance Our History Awards and Recognition AES Locations Sustainability Overview Financial Excellence Operational Excellence Availability and Reliability Cybersecurity Disaster Planning and Response Environmental Performance Environmental Management System and Culture Metrics and Performance Biodiversity Ensuring a Sustainable Future Stakeholder Engagement Our Communities Public Safety Suppliers Our People Global Talent Management Always On For Safety AES Performance Excellence Our Business Overview Andes SBU Asia SBU Brazil SBU Europe SBU MCAC SBU US SBU News & Views Newsroom AES In the News Press Releases Video Gallery Email Alerts Request for Materials Contact Media Relations Investors Overview Press Releases Stock Information Dividend History SEC Documents Financial Reports Summary Presentations and Webcasts Analyst Coverage Fixed Income FAQ Shareholder Inquiries Order Publications Email Alerts Contact Investor Relations RSS Feeds Careers Overview Job Search Contact Us, 
Home   >   About Us   >  Our Leadership About Us Overview Mission, Vision, Values and Culture Our Leadership Board of Directors and Committees Ethics and Compliance Our History Awards and Recognition AES Locations Sustainability Overview Financial Excellence Operational Excellence Availability and Reliability Cybersecurity Disaster Planning and Response Environmental Performance Environmental Management System and Culture Metrics and Performance Biodiversity Ensuring a Sustainable Future Stakeholder Engagement Our Communities Public Safety Suppliers Our People Global Talent Management Always On For Safety AES Performance Excellence Our Business Overview Andes SBU Asia SBU Brazil SBU Europe SBU MCAC SBU US SBU News & Views Newsroom AES In the News Press Releases Video Gallery Email Alerts Request for Materials Contact Media Relations Investors Overview Press Releases Stock Information Dividend History SEC Documents Financial Reports Summary Presentations and Webcasts Analyst Coverage Fixed Income FAQ Shareholder Inquiries Order Publications Email Alerts Contact Investor Relations RSS Feeds Careers Overview Job Search Contact Us, 
Our Leadership Named President and CEO of AES in September 2011, Andrés implemented a new strategy of focusing and growing the company where it has a clear competitive advantage. AES exited 11 markets, reduced overhead costs by one-third and accelerated its growth investments as a result. The company currently has more than 6, 000 MW under construction, the largest construction program in the company’s history, as well as a strong pipeline of development projects. AES is one of the world’s largest Independent Power Producers with 35, 000 MW of capacity from a mix of fuel sources, including renewables and thermal generation, and has more than 10 million distribution customers. The company is a world leader in the use of lithium ion batteries for energy storage and grid stability with more than 80 MW in operation, 70 MW under construction and 100 MW awarded and pending construction. Under Andrés’ leadership, first as COO and currently as CEO, AES’ operational excellence was recognized with an unprecedented four of the last seven International Edison Awards given by the Edison Electric Institute for innovation and operational improvements. AES also was named one of America’s Safest Companies by EHS Today Magazine. Andrés established sustainability and corporate social responsibility goals that resulted in AES’ first time inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America and designation as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for two years in a row by the Ethisphere® Institute. Prior to his tenure as COO, Andrés served as President for Latin America and CEO of AES Gener in Chile and La Electricidad de Caracas in Venezuela. Andrés held senior positions in banking, telecom, multilaterals and the public sector before joining AES in 2000. Andrés is a magna cum laude graduate of Wake Forest University and earned his MA and PhD in economics from the University of Virginia. He has been invited to serve as an expert witness at US Congressional hearings on the subject of energy policy and Latin America. In 2012, he was named International CEO of the year by Latin Trade Magazine and he currently serves on President Obama’s Export Council, the US-Brazil CEO Forum and the US-India CEO Forum. He is a member of the Board of The AES Corporation and Waste Management and is Chairman of Brasiliana in Brazil. He is also Chairman of the Americas Society/Council of the Americas, and Director of the Edison Electric Institute and the US-Philippines Society. Andrés Gluski, President and Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Mike became Senior Vice President of Global Engineering and Construction in November 2014. With more MW under construction than ever in AES’ history, he is responsible for delivering the projects on time and on budget to supply much needed power in the countries in which we operate. The projects underway span multiple fuel types including thermal, hydro, wind and solar power generation across many markets such as in Chile, Jordan, Vietnam, India and the US. Putting safety first before all else, Mike has led his team of 18, 000 contractors to reduce the Lost Time Incident Rate by 40%. The team is in the top decile for safety construction globally based on US benchmarks. He strives for excellence, honors commitments and acts with integrity in working seamlessly across cultures and organizations to bring value to our shareholders. Mike previously served in a number of operational roles including Vice President of Operations Support and Vice President and Managing Director for Construction and Engineering. Before joining AES in 2009, Mike held a range of leadership roles at Kennametal and GE. Mike’s experiences include construction of nuclear processing facilities, startup, operations and maintenance of power facilities in Asia, acquisitions, joint ventures, and the negotiation and implementation of a portfolio of US $3B in long term maintenance contracts. Mike has a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, an MBA from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and a JD from Kaplan University. Michael Chilton, SVP of Global Engineering and Construction, SVP of Global Engineering and Construction Bernerd was named AES’ COO in January 2015. Responsible for AES’ global operations including more than 35, 000 MW and eight utilities serving tens of millions of people, Bernerd drives our businesses’ operational excellence, performance and efficiencies. He played a critical role in the implementation of AES’ six Strategic Business Units (SBUs) to further the execution of AES’ strategy by driving business performance through asset, work, revenue and sourcing management programs, replicating best practices globally and achieving world-class performance. Bernerd puts safety first and is proud that AES people and operations contractors have achieved global lost time incident rates that rank in the top 10% based on US benchmarks. He brings proven experience in international corporate finance and business transformation for generation, transmission and distribution companies in the United States, Latin America, Africa, Europe and Asia to his role as COO. Bernerd built his capabilities through positions of increasing responsibility prior to becoming COO. Most recently, he served as CFO for AES’ Global Finance Operations. He was previously CFO for the Utilities group and for the Latin America and Africa group. Bernerd joined AES through its acquisition of La Electricidad de Caracas (EDC) where he held a number of leadership positions. Bernerd is a Summa Cum Laude graduate of Universidad José Maria Vargas with Bachelor’s degrees in Business Administration and Public Administration, Business Management and Finance, and an MBA. He also completed the Advanced Program at Instituto de Estudios Superiores y de Administración (IESA) in Caracas. Bernerd is a member of the Boards of AES Brasiliana, AES Tietê, AES Eletropaulo, AES Gener and Indianapolis Power and Light. He also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of privately held AES companies. Bernerd Da Santos, SVP and Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) Elizabeth brings more than 30 years of experience leading technology operations and initiatives across large-scale, complex organizations to AES. Under Elizabeth’s leadership, her team is focused on contributing to bottom line results by assisting our businesses to extend their platforms and to meet changing customer demands as well as by supporting our internal clients with innovative and sustainable solutions. She is responsible for shared services to include IT, cybersecurity, insurance programs and internal audit. In 2014, Elizabeth was inducted into the CIO Hall of Fame and her team has won numerous IT and cybersecurity awards. Prior to joining AES in 2008, Elizabeth led technology operations for Alcatel-Lucent with responsibility for information and communications systems and e-business platforms. She previously served in a variety of senior technology management positions, working in the delivery of information technology services to create new products and support business needs across corporate-wide enterprises at several Fortune 100 technology and services companies including MCI, British Telecom (Concert), AOL (UUNET) and EDS. Elizabeth was recognized as one of the top 100 premier IT leaders by ComputerWorld in 2005 and one of the top 200 female executives by The Washington Post in 2004. Information Week ranked the department she led as one of the top 100 for IT leadership. Elizabeth earned her degree in Applied Sciences from New York State University. She is a member of the Board for several AES companies including Dayton Power and Light, AES Chivor and AES Cochrane. She also serves as a Strategic Advisor to the Paladin Group and a board member of the Greater Washington Board of Trade. Elizabeth Hackenson, SVP and Chief Information Officer, Senior Vice President of Technology and Services and Chief Information Officer (CIO) At AES, our people are our energy and Tish works to ensure that our 21, 000 people around the world are energized by what they do and developing to their fullest potential. Her leadership in this area was recognized in 2014 with the designation of Top 10 Breakaway Leader in HR by Evanta. Since joining AES in 2006, Tish has served in a number of leadership roles in Human Resources as Vice President of Utilities Human Resources and Vice President of Global Compensation, Benefits and HRIS, including Executive Compensation. Tish gained Human Resources leadership experience in the financial services and technology industries including JP Morgan Chase and Vastera, Inc, a former technology and managed services company. Tish studied management, leadership, organizational development and human resources through programs at Villanova University, Strayer University, University of Maryland University College and University of Virginia’s Darden School of Business. She earned certificates in leadership and human resource management and a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Human Resources. She serves as Chair of AES’ compensation and benefits committee. Tish is co-chair of Evanta Global HR, serving on the Washington, DC governing body. Tish Mendoza, SVP and Chief Human Resources Officer, Senior Vice President of Global Human Resources and Internal Communications and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) Our five shared values are at the foundation of who we are at AES. In line with those values, Brian drives the company’s policy agenda and heads the company’s litigation, stakeholder management, and ethics and compliance efforts. In 2015, he was recognized as a “Distinguished General Counsel” by the New York Stock Exchange. Brian was also recognized for his work as a "Visionary" by the National Law Journal, for his role in the Washington, DC legal profession by the Legal Times, as a Top General Counsel by First Chair of Chicago and as the Governance Professional of the Year by Corporate Secretary. Under his leadership, Washington Metropolitan Area Corporate Counsel Association honored the AES Legal Department as the "Outstanding Law Department" in the Washington, DC area. Since joining AES in 2001, Brian has served in various positions, including co-head of Business Development, Deputy General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, Corporate Secretary, General Counsel for North America and Assistant General Counsel. Brian was previously counsel in the New York office of Chadbourne & Parke. Brian holds a BA from Boston College in History and Economics, and a JD from the University of Connecticut School of Law. He is chairman of the Boards of Dayton Power and Light, and Indianapolis Power and Light. He is also a member of the Board of Directors for the Business Council for International Understanding, a business association established at President Eisenhower's initiative in 1955 to promote international understanding through dialogue and action between government and business executives, and the US–Kazakhstan Business Association. Brian Miller, EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary One of our goals is to increase our value to our shareholders and Tom is responsible for driving, tracking and reporting the company’s financial position as well as managing our outreach to investors. Tom also leads our efforts to build partnerships, evaluate acquisitions, align our portfolio where we have competitive advantages and mitigate risk. Through Tom’s leadership, AES recorded a number of new financings at $5.2B and $1.9B from partnerships in 2014. Tom brought diverse experience in the financial services industry and power sector to AES. He served as an advisor in the power and utility sector for private equity firm The Blackstone Group prior to joining AES. As CFO for PSEG, a $30B asset company with a diverse portfolio of USA and international utility and merchant power businesses, he led the company through a significant transformation. Tom began his career as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley in the Global Power and Utility Group, ultimately becoming Managing Director and the Head of North American Power. Tom attended Northwestern University on a full tennis scholarship and graduated with a BA in Economics, and earned an MBA in Finance at the University of Chicago. He is Chairman of the Board of IPALCO. Tom also serves as the Chairman of the Institute for Sustainability and Energy at Northwestern University (ISEN) and is on the Board of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center. Thomas O'Flynn, EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), 
Strategic Business Unit Leadership Marty Crotty is the President for the Asia Strategic Business Unit. He oversees AES’ businesses in India, Philippines and Vietnam, including our recently inaugurated 1, 240 MW Mong Duong plant in Vietnam and 1, 320 MW OPGC II facility under construction in India. Marty leads our growth efforts in the region with more than 800 MW of new thermal and energy storage capacity in the Philippines, and another 1, 320 MW of capacity expansions in the Indian State of Odisha. Marty was previously AES’ Chief Operating Officer (COO) for the Asia SBU, responsible for driving operational results and implementing operations, maintenance and strategies across AES’ platforms in Asia. Prior to rejoining AES in 2014, Marty served as Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer of Threshold Power, a US Wind Generation business focused on consolidation through acquisition, and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for Upwind Solutions, an independent provider offering operations and maintenance services to wind facilities. During his previous tenure at AES, Marty, in his capacity as President for Wind Generation, led our wind efforts and was responsible for the acquisition of 344 MW of operating facilities, the transition of 525 MW of projects from development through to operations and the progression of 756 MW from development into construction. Marty has a Master’s degree in Engineering Management with a major in Environment and Energy from George Washington University and a Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management from the New School for Social Research. Marty Crotty, President, Asia Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Javier Giorgio is the President of the Andes SBU, which includes AES’ portfolio of generation businesses totaling 8, 141 MW in Chile, Colombia and Argentina, and 1, 124 MW of construction projects in the region. As Andes SBU President, he’ll lead our operational, commercial and business growth efforts for the SBU. Prior to his current role as Andes SBU President, Javier served as COO for the Andes SBU, leading the SBU’s efforts to strive for world-class performance levels across all of its facilities in Argentina, Chile and Colombia. He previously held a number of leadership positions as the Country Manager of AES Panama, General Manager of La Electricidad de Caraca in Venezuela, Commercial Manager for AES’ distribution companies in Argentina, Business Developer in the Southern Cone and Manager of AES’ generation facilities in Argentina. He joined AES in 1997 as a Tariff and Electric Market Analyst after working for ESEBA, a state-run power company in Argentina, for eight years. He holds an Electrical Engineering degree from the National Technological University in Argentina and an MBA from the University of CEMA in Argentina. Javier Giorgio, President, Andes Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Mark Green is the President for the Europe Strategic Business Unit. He manages our 6, 781 MW generation portfolio in Bulgaria, Jordan, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. His team is also responsible for growing AES’ market leadership position for our battery-based energy storage solutions, which are already online in Northern Ireland and the Netherlands. With more than 25 years with AES, Mark brings leadership experience, operations and construction management expertise and technical knowledge that he’s gained across the company globally to his role. He was most recently COO for the Europe SBU and previously served as Managing Director for AES-IC Turkey and Jordan, Managing Director for AES Cartagena in Spain, and VP of Generation for AES Tietê and AES Uruguaiana in Brazil as well as in other roles in business development and construction. Mark studied US Naval Marine Engineering and is a graduate in Power Theory. He also earned certificates in business management and leadership through programs at University of Houston, University of Virginia’s Darden School of Business and Harvard Business School. Mark Green, President, Europe Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Julian Nebreda is the President for the Brazil Strategic Business Unit. He manages the company’s two utilities, AES Eletropaulo and AES Sul, with more than 8 million customers and its 3, 298 MW portfolio of generation businesses through AES Tiete and AES Uruguaiana. Julian has broad experiences in the power, legal and financial sectors. Prior to his current role, Julian served as the President for the Europe Strategic Business Unit. Julian previously held a number senior positions as Vice President for Central America and the Caribbean, CEO of La Electricidad de Caracas (EDC) and President of AES Dominicana. He gained experiences in the public and private sectors prior to AES, including as the Counselor to the Executive Director from Panama and Venezuela at the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB). Julian graduated Cum Laude with a Law Degree from Universidad Católica Andrés Bello in Caracas, Venezuela. He received a Fulbright Fellowship and earned a Master of Law in Common Law and a Master of Law in Securities and Financial Regulations both with honors from Georgetown University. Julian Nebreda, President, Brazil Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Manuel Pérez Dubuc serves as President of the MCAC SBU, leading the company’s operations and growth efforts in the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Mexico, Panama and Puerto Rico. Under his leadership, AES has been recognized as a Great Place to Work in each of these countries. Manuel rejoined AES in 2012 after serving as Chairman and CEO for Meiya Power Company (MPC) in Hong Kong, the largest independent power producer in China and South Korea. During his prior tenure at AES, Manuel served as President of AES in Dominican Republic, Vice President and Group Manager of AES North Asia, and led AES’ energy and infrastructure efforts in Asia. Manuel originally became a part of AES as a result of the company’s acquisition of La Electricidad de Caracas (EDC). While at EDC, he served as CFO and Treasurer along with other managerial positions. Earlier in his career, Manuel was as an Advisor to the General Director of Public Finance at the Venezuelan Ministry of Finance, and held positions at Citibank. Manuel has an Electrical Engineering degree from Universidad Simon Bolivar, an MBA from Instituto de Estudios Superiores de Administración (IESA) in Caracas, Venezuela, and Executive Leadership Program at University of Virginia, Darden School of Business. Manuel Pérez Dubuc, President, Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean (MCAC) Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Ken Zagzebski is President of US Strategic Business Unit and oversees our 16 generation businesses and two utilities, Indianapolis Power & Light Company and Dayton Power, in the United States. This SBU has more than 12GW of generating capacity and over one million distribution and retail customers in Ohio and Indiana. Under Ken’s leadership, the company was awarded 20-year contracts by Southern California Edison (SCE) in 2014 to provide 1, 284 MW of combined cycle gas-fired generation and 100 MW of interconnected battery-based energy storage resource and also obtained regulatory approvals for over $1 billion in generation projects in Indiana. Ken is an experienced utility executive with operational and financial leadership experience, both domestically and internationally. Prior to this current role, Ken was President and CEO of IPL. He joined AES in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Customer Operations of IPL and was responsible for the Power Delivery, Customer Services and Enterprise Information Systems business groups. Prior to joining AES, he served as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Field Operations at Xcel Energy and Executive Director of the company’s Asia-Pacific region with responsibility for the company’s regional investments primarily located in Australia. Ken has an MBA from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota and a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin. He is passionate about the developing character in our youth with over 30 years of coaching experience. Currently, Ken is the Chair of the Marion University Academy for Teaching and Learning Board of Visitors. He also serves on the Boards of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis and the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership. Ken Zagzebski, President, US Strategic Business Unit (SBU), 
www.aes.com/about-us/our-leadership/default.aspx