
Section 16 Filings,  Schwab's commitment to providing clients with the most ethical financial services is supported by strong corporate governance practices. Board of Directors Charles R. Schwab Chairman Walter W. Bettinger II President and CEO John K. Adams, Jr. Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Nancy H. Bechtle Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee C. Preston Butcher Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Christopher V. Dodds Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Stephen A. Ellis Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Mark A. Goldfarb Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee William S. Haraf Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Frank C. Herringer Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Stephen T. McLin Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Arun Sarin Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Paula A. Sneed Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Roger O. Walther Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Robert N. Wilson Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Code of Conduct This document summarizes The Charles Schwab Corporation's policies on General Corporate and Personal Standards of Conduct; Conflicts of Interest; Confidentiality of Information; Employment Practices; Business Practices; and Compliance Procedures. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended by the Board of Directors on December 9, 2015 to update the employment practices description in the Equal Employment Opportunity, and Preventing Harassment and Discrimination section, and to include additional examples in the Anti-Money Laundering section Download Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as adopted by the Board of Directors prior to its amendment on December 9, 2015 Download Stockholder Rights The Charles Schwab Corporation has a single class of voting common shares and each share is entitled to a single vote. Stockholders can vote at stockholder meetings by mail, telephone, Internet, or in person. Certificate of Incorporation Basic governing rules which set out the rights and duties of officers, directors and shareholders and the organizational structure of the company Download Bylaws Rules governing the internal management of The Charles Schwab Corporation Download Committee Charters & Governance Documents Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Corporate Governance Guidelines Statement on Public Policy and Political Participation Compensation Committee Risk Committee Director Independence Standards Note:  Ages of Board Members are accurate as of March 30, 2016. Brokerage Products: Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”), Member SIPC, offers investment services and products, including Schwab brokerage accounts. Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products. Schwab Advisor Services™ serves independent investment advisors and includes the custody, trading, and support services of Schwab. Independent investment advisors are not owned, affiliated with, or supervised by Schwab. Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc. provides recordkeeping and related services with respect to retirement plans.
Charles R. Schwab Chairman,  Walter W. Bettinger II President and CEO,  John K. Adams, Jr. Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee,  Nancy H. Bechtle Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  C. Preston Butcher Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  Christopher V. Dodds Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee,  Stephen A. Ellis Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  Mark A. Goldfarb Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  William S. Haraf Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee,  Frank C. Herringer Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  Stephen T. McLin Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee,  Arun Sarin Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee,  Paula A. Sneed Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  Roger O. Walther Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,  Robert N. Wilson Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee, 
Compensation Committee,  Risk Committee,  Director Independence Standards, 
Note:  Ages of Board Members are accurate as of March 30, 2016. Brokerage Products: Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value,  Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”), Member SIPC, offers investment services and products, including Schwab brokerage accounts. Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products. Schwab Advisor Services™ serves independent investment advisors and includes the custody, trading, and support services of Schwab. Independent investment advisors are not owned, affiliated with, or supervised by Schwab. Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc. provides recordkeeping and related services with respect to retirement plans.
http://www.aboutschwab.com/governance