
Press Room & Media Releases Investor Tools Investor Presentations and Webcasts Stock Quotes Stock Charts Earnings Estimates Email Alerts SEC Filings,  Annual Reports & Proxy Statements,  Analyst Coverage,  Investor Facts,  Quorum Health Corporation Spinoff, 
Careers,  Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities Job Opportunities Career Information
Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities,  Job Opportunities,  Career Information, 
	1Wayne T. Smith	,  	2Chairman of the Board	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	,  Wayne Smith serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,  of Community Health Systems, Inc. He is one of the most tenured executives in the hospital industry and has led the Company’s growth from a small rural hospital organization to become the largest operator of hospitals in the nation, as measured by number of facilities. Smith has been named one of the 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare,  magazine for the past 14 years and a Top 	2CEO	 for the healthcare facilities sector by Institutional Investor,  several times in the past decade. Read Bio, 
	1W. Larry Cash	,  	2President	, 	3Financial Services	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	
	1David L. Miller	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	
	1Lynn T. Simon	, M.D.,  	2President	, 	3Clinical Services	 and 	2Chief Quality Officer	
	1Tim L. Hingtgen	,  	2Executive Vice President	 – 	3Operations	
	1Rachel A. Seifert	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Secretary and General Counsel	
	1Martin G. Schweinhart	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	3Administration	
	1Martin J. Bonick	,  	2President	, 	3Division I Operations	
	1Michael T. Portacci	,  	2President	, 	3Division II Operations	
	1Robert O. Horrar	,  	2President	, 	3Division III Operations	
	1John McClellan	,  	2President	, 	3Division IV Operations	
	1Paul Smith	,  	2President	, 	3Division V Operations	
	1Andrea E. (Andi) Bosshart	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Corporate Compliance	 and 	2Privacy Officer	
	1T. Mark Buford	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Internal Audit	
	1Larry M. Carlton	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Revenue Management	
	1Ben Fordham	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and Chief Litigation Counsel
	1Tomi Galin	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Corporate Communications	, 	3Marketing	 and 	3Public Affairs	
	1Kevin Hammons	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Accounting Officer	
	1Kenneth D. Hawkins	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Acquisitions & Development	
	1Michael M. Lynd	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Financial Services	
	1Tim G. Marlette	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Purchasing Officer	
	1Pamela T. Rudisill	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Chief Nursing Officer	
	1Ronald J. Shafer	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	
	1Manish Shah	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	
Leadership Quality starts at the top. The committed and experienced leadership team at Community Health Systems sets the standard for company excellence and strives to inspire success at every level. With a track record of operational excellence, financial performance and the proven ability to apply astute business strategies across the organization, our management team shares a vision for how community hospitals can thrive when they are supported by the resources of a larger organization. Executive Leadership Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Wayne Smith serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Community Health Systems, Inc. He is one of the most tenured executives in the hospital industry and has led the Company’s growth from a small rural hospital organization to become the largest operator of hospitals in the nation, as measured by number of facilities. Smith has been named one of the 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare magazine for the past 14 years and a Top CEO for the healthcare facilities sector by Institutional Investor several times in the past decade. Read Bio W. Larry Cash President, Financial Services and Chief Financial Officer David L. Miller President and Chief Operating Officer Lynn T. Simon, M.D. President, Clinical Services and Chief Quality Officer Tim L. Hingtgen Executive Vice President – Operations Rachel A. Seifert Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Martin G. Schweinhart Executive Vice President, Administration Division Presidents Martin J. Bonick President, Division I Operations Michael T. Portacci President, Division II Operations Robert O. Horrar President, Division III Operations John McClellan President, Division IV Operations Paul Smith President, Division V Operations Corporate Officers Andrea E. (Andi) Bosshart Senior Vice President, Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer T. Mark Buford Senior Vice President, Internal Audit Larry M. Carlton Senior Vice President, Revenue Management Ben Fordham Senior Vice President and Chief Litigation Counsel Tomi Galin Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications, Marketing and Public Affairs Kevin Hammons Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Kenneth D. Hawkins Senior Vice President, Acquisitions & Development Michael M. Lynd Senior Vice President, Financial Services Tim G. Marlette Senior Vice President and Chief Purchasing Officer Pamela T. Rudisill Senior Vice President, Chief Nursing Officer Ronald J. Shafer Senior Vice President, Human Resources Manish Shah Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Richard T. Willis,  Vice President of Managed Care
Investor Relations,  Press Room & Media Releases Investor Tools Annual Reports & Proxy Statements Analyst Coverage SEC Filings Investor Facts
Press Room & Media Releases,  Investor Tools,  Annual Reports & Proxy Statements,  Analyst Coverage,  SEC Filings,  Investor Facts, 
Careers,  Job Opportunities Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities
Job Opportunities,  Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities, 
http://www.chs.net/company-overview/leadership/
