
Home,  Our Company (List item 1 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Our Company right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Our Company About Us (List item 1 of 5) Values (List item 2 of 5) Our Founder (List item 3 of 5) Heritage (List item 4 of 5) FAQ (List item 5 of 5) Our Brands (List item 2 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Our Brands right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Our Brands Victoria's Secret (List item 1 of 5) Bath & Body Works (List item 2 of 5) Pink (List item 3 of 5) La Senza (List item 4 of 5) Henri Bendel (List item 5 of 5) International (List item 3 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of International right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from International Overview (List item 1 of 4) International Map (List item 2 of 4) Store Directory (List item 3 of 4) FAQ (List item 4 of 4) Responsibility (List item 4 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Responsibility right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Responsibility Community (List item 1 of 5) Supply Chain (List item 2 of 5) Products (List item 3 of 5) Environment (List item 4 of 5) Inclusion (List item 5 of 5) Investors (List item 5 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Investors right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Investors Financial Information (List item 1 of 5) Events & Presentations (List item 2 of 5) Stock (List item 3 of 5) Governance (List item 4 of 5) Investor Resources (List item 5 of 5) Associates (List item 6 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Associates right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Associates General Information (List item 1 of 6) Values (List item 2 of 6) Code of Conduct (List item 3 of 6) Benefits (List item 4 of 6) Associates for Associates (List item 5 of 6) Giving Back (List item 6 of 6) Careers (List item 7 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Careers right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Careers About Us (List item 1 of 4) Working Here (List item 2 of 4) Career Areas (List item 3 of 4) College Programs (List item 4 of 4) Media (List item 8 of 8) View Children Navigation Items of Media right-carrot left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Media Media Contacts (List item 1 of 4) Press Releases (List item 2 of 4) Resources (List item 3 of 4) Our Responses (List item 4 of 4) L Brands / Three Limited Parkway Columbus, OH 43230 twitter youtube instagram Policies Supply Chain Terms and Conditions Site Map Contact Us w3cW3C - AA Compliance
Our Brands (List item 2 of 8),  View Children Navigation Items of Our Brands right-carrot,  left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Our Brands Victoria's Secret (List item 1 of 5) Bath & Body Works (List item 2 of 5) Pink (List item 3 of 5) La Senza (List item 4 of 5) Henri Bendel (List item 5 of 5)
left-carrot Go up one navigation level from Our Brands,  Victoria's Secret (List item 1 of 5),  Bath & Body Works (List item 2 of 5),  Pink (List item 3 of 5),  La Senza (List item 4 of 5),  Henri Bendel (List item 5 of 5), 
Home / Our Company Our Founder Leslie H. Wexner,  Leslie H. Wexner, , founder, chairman and chief executive officer of L Brands, Inc., was born Sept. 8, 1937, in Dayton, Ohio, the son of Russian immigrants. As a child he watched his parents work hard, owning and operating a small store named “Leslie’s” in downtown Columbus. He credits his parents with teaching him the importance of hard work, attention to detail and the belief that anything is possible. After graduating from The Ohio State University (OSU) and serving in the Air National Guard, he worked in his parents’ business. In 1963, Les founded L Brands with one store in the Kingsdale Shopping Center in Columbus, Ohio — The Limited — with sales of $160,000 the first year. In the years that followed, he expanded his business portfolio through both invention and acquisition, becoming a dominant U.S. retailer with numerous powerful brands and brand extensions. Under Les' leadership, L Brands has evolved from an apparel-based specialty retailer to an approximately $12 billion segment leader with more than 80,000 associates focused on lingerie, beauty and personal care product categories that make customers feel sexy, sophisticated and forever young. Throughout his career, Les has been committed to making a difference in the community and is one of the industry’s most generous philanthropists. In 2010, Les and his family, in conjunction with L Brands Foundation, made a historic $100 million commitment to OSU to benefit the OSU Medical Center (renamed in February 2012 the Wexner Medical Center at The Ohio State University), The Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute and the Wexner Center for the Arts as well as select other university initiatives. Aside from his passion for OSU, Les' other philanthropic interests include the Wexner Institute for Pediatric Research at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus; the Martin Luther King Center for the Performing Arts and the Wexner Heritage Village, both in Columbus. He is a generous supporter of the United Way and was awarded the Woodrow Wilson Award for Corporate Citizenship for his commitment to the public good.
http://www.lb.com/our_company/about_us/our_founder.aspx