
Careers, Apply Prepare For Your Interview College Student Or Recent Grad
Apply, Prepare For Your Interview, College Student Or Recent Grad, 
Linkedin, 
Digg, 
Technorati, 
Lawrence T. Borgard, President and Chief Operating Officer, Larry Borgard is president and chief operating officer for Integrys Energy Group. He is also chief executive officer of Integrys' six regulated electric and natural gas utilities. Larry is responsible for the day-to-day operations of these subsidiaries, which collectively serve 1.6 million natural gas customers and 500, 000 electric customers across four Midwest states. Larry also provides leadership to the Integrys Customer Relations, Gas Engineering, Gas Supply and Governmental Relations teams., Larry has spent 29 years in the energy industry. He began his career at Wisconsin Public Service in 1984 as an associate engineer. He has since held positions in, and managed areas including field operations, regulatory compliance, transmission and planning. More recently, he's held a number of executive level positions within multiple subsidiaries., Larry holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Michigan State University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. He's a graduate of the Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program., Larry is immediate past-chairman of the board of the American Gas Association and serves on the boards of directors for American Transmission Company, the Metropolitan Planning Council in Chicago and Bellin Health., 
Jodi J. Caro, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Jodi Jodi Caro is vice president, general counsel and secretary for Integrys Energy Group and has been in this role since February 2012., Jodi received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Marquette University and a law degree from Chicago-Kent College of Law. She is admitted to the Illinois Bar and Federal Bar and is a member of the American Bar Association, Chicago Bar Association, Illinois State Bar Association and the Energy Bar Association., Prior to joining Integrys in 2008 as vice president - Legal Services, Jodi owned and operated her own law practice, which provided general counsel and corporate transactional services to clients nationwide. Her clients ranged from established multi-million dollar companies to medium and small early-stage enterprises., Prior to opening her law practice in 2006, she was co-founder and general counsel of Looking Glass Networks, Inc., a privately held, facilities-based telecommunications company headquartered in Oak Brook, IL, and served as an in-house attorney with MCI/WORLDCOM (formerly MFS Communications Company) located in Oak Brook Terrace, IL., Jodi has worked in the Chicago area since 1982 and now resides in Naperville, IL, with her husband and daughter. She is a member, past president and supporter of the not-for-profit PKU Organization of Illinois. The PKU Organization provides support, education and other resources to those suffering from a rare metabolic disorder called Phenylketonuria ("PKU") and their families., At Integrys, Jodi is the executive sponsor for a tutoring and mentoring program in partnership with Chicago Youth Programs, through which employees volunteer time and serve students from the Washington Park neighborhood in Chicago. Jodi is also on the board of directors for Communities in Schools of Chicago, a non-profit organization dedicated to connecting services to Chicago Public Schools in need., Jodi is also a member of The Chicago Network, an organization of Chicago's leading professional women which creates empowering relationships enabling members to impact the community at large through peer networking, mutual support and issue awareness., 
Charles A. Cloninger, Executive Vice President, Electric Segment, Chuck Cloninger is executive vice president - Electric Segment for Integrys Energy Group. He remains president of Wisconsin Public Service Corporation and Upper Peninsula Power Company., Chuck began his career at Wisconsin Public Service in 1981 as an associate engineer in Green Bay. He has worked at various locations in field operations and staff support with increasing levels of responsibility. From 2005-2011 Chuck led two of the Integrys Energy Group subsidiaries, Minnesota Energy Resources and Michigan Gas Utilities. In 2012, he was appointed to his current position as president of WPS and UPPCO., Chuck holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Michigan Technological University, located in Houghton, Michigan, and is a registered Professional Engineer with the State of Wisconsin., Chuck has been active in the community over his career and is presently on the board of directors for Trees for Tomorrow in Eagle River, WI, as well as for the Green Bay Area Chamber of Commerce and the Association of Edison Illuminating Companies, a professional utility industry organization., 
John Kleczynski, President of Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas, John Kleczynski was appointed president of Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas in September 2014. He is responsible for the strategic, tactical and operational direction for natural gas operations in Illinois. He provides overall leadership for managers and employees and is responsible for implementation of corporate initiatives and operational plans., John began his career with Peoples Gas in 1986 as human resources representative. In the roughly 28 years since then, he has served in various administrative and operational roles at PGL and NSG., In 1992, John was senior safety advisor for PGL; in 1993 he transferred to NSG as senior HR representative, then back to PGL as senior safety advisor in 1994 and PGL coordinator, Field Safety & Health in 1996. In 2000, John became NSG manager - Human Resources, Safety and Claims, then manager of Customer Service in 2001. In 2004, he returned to PGL, this time as general manager - Field Support, then to manager, HR Services - Utilities in July 2009., John earned a bachelor's degree in Human Resource Management from DePaul University and is a graduate of the Utility Executive Course at the University of Idaho., John currently sits on the board of directors for the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, LISC/Chicago and Power for America Training Trust. Previously he served as Chairman of the Illinois Safety Council., 
William J. Guc, Vice President and Treasurer, Bill Guc is vice president & treasurer for Integrys Energy Group. He oversees Integrys' financing and banking relationships, financial planning and analysis, risk management and long- and short-term financing and investment strategies., Prior to this role, Bill was vice president/Controller for Integrys Energy Services. Bill joined WPS Energy Services in early 2005, shortly after the trading/marketing and power generation business units were combined under one management team. He has helped build the company's finance, credit and accounting organization which supports the organization's retail natural gas and electric businesses. He also worked extensively on the effort to divest and restructure Integrys Energy Services into a smaller, more focused, customer-centric business., Bill is a member of various Integrys committees including the Employee Benefits Administrator Committee, the SOX Steering Committee and the International Financial Reporting Standards Steering Committee., Prior to joining WPS Energy Services in 2005, Bill managed the accounting department for DTE Energy Trading, a non-regulated wholesale gas and electric trading company headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI. His employment with DTE began in 2001 when DTE acquired MCN Energy where Bill was managing the accounting group for CoEnergy Trading, MCN's gas trading subsidiary. There he implemented FAS 133, and directed the valuation efforts related to the merger with DTE. He started his professional career with Arthur Andersen in Detroit, MI., Bill received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Wayne State University (Detroit, MI) in 1991 and a Masters of Business Information Technology from Walsh College (Troy, MI) in 2002. He is a Certified Public Accountant and currently serves as president of the Green Bay Symphony Orchestra., 
Linda M. Kallas, Vice President and Controller, Linda Kallas is vice president and Corporate Controller at Integrys Energy Group. Linda oversees accounts payable, property accounting, general ledger and fuel accounting, benefits accounting and Shared Services Organization's accounting allocations., Prior to her position with Integrys, Linda was vice president and controller for Peoples Energy and its subsidiary companies. During her 29-year career with Peoples Energy, Linda served in a number of accounting-related capacities., She is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Management of Information Systems from DePaul University. Linda is a member of the Illinois CPA Society and the American Gas Association and serves on the board of the Emergency Fund, a nonprofit organization in the Chicago area., 
William D. Laakso, Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Bill Laakso is vice president & chief human resources officer - Integrys Energy Group., Human Resources provides comprehensive HR services to Integrys, including business consulting, compensation, benefits, HRIS, payroll, safety, health and wellness, labor and employee relations, learning services, staffing and recruiting, and organizational development. Corporate Communications provides corporate-wide strategic communication counsel through brand strategy, customer communications, internal communications, community relations/contributions, creative services and public relations., Bill holds a Doctorate in Clinical Psychology from Indiana State University. He has extensive background in management and organizational consulting, coaching, and employee assistance., Prior to joining Integrys, Bill was vice president - Operations at Employee Resource Center, providing services to WPSR for more than 10 years. Bill also managed outpatient clinics and a small hospital in the early 1990s., Bill supports the community by serving on the St. Vincent/St. Mary's Hospital Advisory Committee, the board of directors for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Northeast Wisconsin and various project teams for the Green Bay School District and his church., 
Phillip M. Mikulsky, Executive Vice President - Corporate Initiatives and Chief Security Officer, Phil Mikulsky is executive vice president – corporate initiatives and chief security officer for Integrys Energy Group. He began his career with Wisconsin Public Service Corporation in 1971, in the Systems Planning Department. He was a part of the System Operating Department for 20 years, having been named supervisor in 1975, assistant superintendent in 1979, superintendent in May 1985, director in 1989 and manager in 1991., He was promoted to vice president - development for WPSR in September, 1995 with responsibility for the two non-regulated subsidiaries, WPS Energy Services, Inc. (serving as chief executive officer) and WPS Power Development, Inc. (serving as president). He was named senior vice president – development for WPS Resources Corporation in 1998, executive vice president – Development in 2004, and executive vice president & chief development officer in 2007. He was executive vice president – business performance and shared services for Integrys Energy Group in 2008 until his current assignment., Phil received a Bachelor of Science in Electric Engineering with minors in English and Math from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1971. He is a Professional Engineer in the state of Wisconsin., He is a senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and has served as vice chairman and Chairman of the Northeast Wisconsin Chapter of IEEE. He was a member and past chairman of the WUMS Operating Committee, a member of the MAIN Operating Committee, a member of the Edison Electric Institute Interconnection Arrangements Committee, a member and co-chair of several NERC Control Center Audit teams, and a member of the Northeast Wisconsin Quality Improvement Network., Phil actively participates in the community, coordinating and working on community and mission activities. He served on the board for the Green Bay Boys Choir and was past president of that board. He is active in both leadership and support roles in his church., 
William E. Morrow, Executive Vice President - Natural Gas Segment, Bill Morrow is executive vice president of Natural Gas Segment - Integrys Energy Group. This includes North Shore Gas, Peoples Gas, Michigan Gas Utilities, Minnesota Energy Resources, Gas Engineering, Gas Supply and the AMRP program., Prior to this position, Bill was vice president of Gas Engineering, where he managed all gas engineering and gas projects for the Integrys Gas Group. Preceding the merger he was executive vice president of Peoples Energy and president of Peoples Energy Resources, the company's nonregulated power development and wholesale gas marketing subsidiary. As of October, 2001, he also assumed responsibility for Peoples Energy Services, the company's retail gas and electricity marketing subsidiary., Bill joined Peoples as a staff engineer in 1979, and gained experience working in various areas of the organization including the distribution and service departments, engineering, gas control, gas production, gas supply, corporate, and the non-regulated businesses. He was promoted to manager of Gas Control in 1993, director of Gas Supply in 1995, vice president of Gas Supply in 1996, and executive vice president of the company in 2000., He holds a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Bradley University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago., Bill is currently active in the American Gas Association, Gas Technology Institute and Midwest Energy Association and has served on several operations committees., 
Mark A. Radtke, Executive Vice President - Shared Services and Chief Strategy Officer, Mark Radtke is executive vice president and chief strategy officer of Integrys Energy Group., He joined WPS Resources Corporation in 1983 as a software/hardware engineer in the System Operating Department. His team received Fortnightly Magazine's ULTRA award in 1994 for their DEMAXX project and has published a number of papers describing advancements in energy management technology., In 1995, Mark moved to the Applied Technology Unit as a principal engineer. He received a patent on a device for recording and processing metered information developed to create the DENet â product line. He was assigned the position of vice president, WPS Energy Services, Inc. in January 1997 assuming operational and financial responsibility for the non-regulated energy-marketing subsidiary of WPS Resources Corporation. He was promoted to president of WPS Energy Services in October 1999 and later assumed the added responsibility of CEO. He is also chairman of the Integrys Energy Services board of directors., A native of Marshfield, WI, Mark received a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Technology from the Milwaukee School of Engineering and is a 2001 graduate of Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program. He currently serves on the Executive Committee of the National Energy Marketers Association. His is also a member of the board of directors for NEW Curative Rehabilitation Center., 
James F. Schott, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Schott is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Integrys Energy Group. In this role, he provides executive leadership direction and support to all accounting, finance and regulatory affairs functions of Integrys. Prior to that, Jim was vice president of External Affairs for Integrys Energy Group., Jim joined Wisconsin Public Service Corporation as assistant vice president of Regulatory Affairs in January 2003. Prior to joining WPSC, Jim was vice president of Distribution Operations for We Energies. Prior to We Energies, Jim was employed by the Chicago and Milwaukee offices of Arthur Andersen, during which he specialized in capital intensive industries, including utilities., Jim is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Georgetown University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. He is a member of the board of directors for The Salvation Army of Green Bay and the Children's Choir of Chicago., 
Charles A. Schrock, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Schrock is chairman and chief executive officer of Integrys Energy Group, Inc. Charlie's career with the company began in 1979 when he joined Wisconsin Public Service as an associate engineer., Since that time, Charlie has assumed numerous leadership roles including plant manager - Kewaunee Nuclear Power Plant, senior vice president of Generation, senior vice president - Nuclear Management Company (NMC), president of WPS Power Development, Inc., senior vice president of WPS Resources Corporation, president and chief operating officer of Generation at Wisconsin Public Service Corporation and president of Wisconsin Public Service Corporation., Charlie has both a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science in Nuclear Engineering from the University of Michigan. He has completed graduate courses in Business Management at Cardinal Stritch College and is a graduate of the Advanced Management Program at Harvard University. Charlie is a member of the American Nuclear Society., Charlie is on the board of directors of the Edison Electric Institute, Aegis, Limited, and Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce. In addition, he is a member of the University of Michigan College of Engineering Advisory Committee. Charlie is a former board member of the Nuclear Management Company., Charlie is active in the Chicago community and serves on the board of directors of Rush University Medical Center, After School Matters and the Chicago Public Library Foundation. Charlie is a member of the Civic Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago and the Economic Club of Chicago., 
Daniel J. Verbanac, Executive Vice President - Integrys Business Support, Dan Verbanac is currently an executive vice president of Integrys Energy Group. Previously, he was president of Integrys Energy Services. Founded just over a year prior to his joining in 1996, Dan helped lead Integrys Energy Services from its infancy to become a leading natural gas and electricity supplier operating in competitive markets across the United States and Canada, peaking at more than $10 billion in revenue in 2008. On November 1, 2014, Integrys Energy Services was acquired by Constellation, an Exelon Company. Dan continues to assist Constellation with the transition of services from Integrys to Exelon., Dan began his career with Wisconsin Public Service in 1984 as an applications programmer/analyst and subsequently served as senior systems programmer, supervisor of customer information systems and supervisor of technology/platform services., In 1996, Dan transferred to WPS Energy Services Inc. as director of technical development and implementation and subsequently served as director of trading operations, vice president, and senior vice president. In 2004, he was promoted to chief operating officer, with operational responsibility for the nonregulated energy marketing business., In late 2009, Dan was charged with leading Integrys Energy Services (formerly known as WPS Energy Services) which was restructured following the merger of WPS Resources and Peoples Energy Corporation. As president, he had operational and financial responsibility for the nonregulated energy marketing and energy asset business. He continues to be responsible for the energy asset business (primarily solar assets) today., Dan holds an associate's degree in data processing from Northeast Wisconsin Technical College and a bachelor's degree in computer science from Lakeland College in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. Dan is also a 2002 graduate of Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program., Dan serves on the board of directors and the executive committee for the Greater Green Bay YMCA and is on the board of directors for Northeast Wisconsin Technical College Foundation. He has been and continues to be involved with many organizations in the communities where he lives and works., 
http://www.integrysgroup.com/managementteam