
	1Robert J. Stanzione	,  	2Chairman	 of the Board of Directors and 	2CEO	,  Robert J. (Bob) Stanzione is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ARRIS, a global innovator in IP, video and broadband technology solutions. In 1995, Stanzione was appointed President & CEO of ARRIS Interactive, LLC, a Nortel Networks/ANTEC joint venture. As ARRIS Interactive’s first CEO, Stanzione grew the venture from a start-up company to the world market leader in cable telephony products. In 1998, he became President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of ANTEC and was appointed to the CEO role on January 1, 2000.  In 2001, ANTEC acquired Nortel’s share of ARRIS Interactive and re-named the Company ARRIS Group, Inc.  Under Stanzione’s leadership, ARRIS continued to invest in opportunities to significantly expand the business, including the 2013 acquisition of Motorola Mobility’s Home business and the 2016 acquisition of Pace plc, which created a new entity, ARRIS International plc. From 1969 to 1995, before joining ARRIS, Stanzione held a wide range of senior management positions with AT&T. Stanzione holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Clemson University, a Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering from North Carolina State University and has completed executive development programs at the University of Richmond, Babson College and the International Institute for Management Development in Switzerland.  He is a Board Member of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA) and in June 2012, he was named to serve on The Cable Center Board of Directors.  Stanzione was awarded the SCTE’s Chairman’s Award in 2008, the Vanguard Award for Associates & Affiliates in 2009, was inducted into the Cable TV Pioneers in 2010, and is a member of the Class of 2016 Cable Hall of Fame.  He also serves as a Trustee on the Committee for Economic Development in Washington, D.C., 
	1David B. Potts	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Financial Officer	,  David B. Potts is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  at ARRIS. Prior to joining ARRIS, Potts was Chief Financial Officer of ARRIS Interactive L.L.C. and held various executive management positions with Nortel Networks, including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bell Northern Research and Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions. Prior to Nortel Networks, Potts was with Touche Ross in Toronto.  Potts holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Lakehead University in Canada and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Canada.
	1Bruce  McClelland	,  	2President	, 	3Network & Cloud and Global Services	,  Bruce McClelland is President of Network & Cloud and Global Services at ARRIS. He is responsible for overseeing the company's leading portfolio of network technologies including CCAP, CMTS, QAM, Access, Video Processing and Wireline technologies. McClelland's portfolio also features the company's expanding Software Solutions, which include multiscreen support, targeted advertising, personalized content, and whole-home technologies – as well as Global Services. Most recently, McClelland was ARRIS's Group President, for Products and Services, after leading the Customer Premises Equipment Unit as Vice President and General Manager. McClelland joined the Company as Vice President of Engineering, responsible for development of a broad range of voice and data cable TV products. Prior to ARRIS, McClelland was responsible for the development of Nortel's Signaling System #7 and Signal Transfer Point product lines as well as several development roles within Nortel's Class 4/5 DMS switching product line. McClelland received a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from the University of Saskatchewan., 
	1Larry Robinson	,  	2President	, 	3Customer Premises Equipment	,  Larry Robinson is President, Customer Premises Equipment,  at ARRIS, which comprises in-home video solutions including digital cable set-tops, satellite receivers, and IP-based TV products, as well as a comprehensive portfolio of broadband devices incorporating the latest in DOCSIS, DSL, and fiber technologies. Robinson assumed his current role after the ARRIS acquisition of Motorola Mobility’s Home business where he was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Home Devices business responsible for its video, voice and data product portfolio, including set-tops, modems and gateways.  He brings more than a decade of experience in the broadband and video industry, including roles in general management, product management and business development. While at Motorola, Robinson held a variety of senior level positions including Corporate Vice President, Product Management in the Digital Video Solutions Group.  In this role, he led the definition and management of digital cable and satellite set-top product lines for the Americas market. Robinson also managed strategic partnerships that complemented the portfolio. In addition to his broadband and video industry experience, Robinson brings more than a decade of experience in large-scale, aerospace communications systems, in addition to management consulting experience with PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Robinson holds a Master’s degree in Technology Management from the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the Catholic University of America.
	1Ronald  M. Coppock	,  	2President	, 	3International Sales	 and 	3Global Marketing	,  Ronald Coppock is President of International Sales and Global Marketing at ARRIS. In this role, Coppock is responsible for aligning the company’s International Sales, Global Marketing, and International Business Operations teams, to position ARRIS to capitalize on significant business opportunities around the world. Coppock assumed this role following ARRIS’s acquisition of Pace plc. Previously, he served as President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing at ARRIS. Prior to joining ARRIS, Coppock held various sales and marketing positions such as Senior Vice President International, TSX Texscan; Director of Marketing for Westcott Communications Private Television Networks; Western Regional Director, Scientific-Atlanta Network Systems and Satellite Communications Group; Director National Accounts at Pioneer; and various positions at Pioneer Communications and Oak Communications. Coppock received a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration & Marketing from Auburn University. He is an active member of the American Marketing Association and Auburn School of Business Alumni Association; and he serves on the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Board. He is also a member of the Cable TV Pioneers. Coppock brings more than 30 years of cable TV industry experience to ARRIS., 
	1Tim O'Loughlin	,  	2President	, 	3North American Sales	,  Tim O'Loughlin,  is President, North American Sales,  at ARRIS. O'Loughlin assumed his current role after the acquisition of Pace Plc. Previously, he served as President of Pace Americas, overseeing the United States and Canada.  O'Loughlin joined Pace in March 2001 as part of the marketing team and served in various roles including 	2Senior Vice President	 of Sales and Customer Support, 	2Vice President	 of Business Development, and Vice President of Sales and Marketing. He was an instrumental part of Pace's expansion throughout the cable, telecommunications, and satellite industries. Prior to joining Pace, O'Loughlin held strategic marketing positions in the hospitality and telecom industries. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration and an MBA from Florida Atlantic University.
	1Jim Brennan	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Supply Chain and Quality	,  Jim Brennan is Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and Quality at ARRIS and responsible for leading the supply chain, quality and operation services and solutions that deliver financial results, customer satisfaction and industry leading practices. Brennan held a similar role as the Corporate Vice President of Supply Chain and Quality for the Motorola Mobility's Home business. He served in various executive positions at Motorola, including Vice President Business Transformation and Chief Quality Officer and Corporate Vice President of the Home Networks Mobility supply chain, which included global operations associated with planning, purchasing, new product introduction, manufacturing, customer fulfillment and repair. Brennan also served in other senior leadership positions, including strategy, business operations, IT, and mergers and acquisitions. Prior to joining Motorola in 2000, Brennan held leadership positions at General Instrument in Operations and Northrop Grumman/Vought Aircraft in engineering development, manufacturing, flight test operations and quality. Brennan earned a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Old Dominion University. He also completed the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School and the University of Michigan's executive programs., 
	1Phil Baldock	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Chief Information Officer	,  Phil Baldock is Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer,  at ARRIS. Baldock assumed his current role after the acquisition of PACE plc. He is responsible for developing ARRIS’s IT strategy to deliver increased operating performance and productivity. Previously, Baldock served as Senior Vice President of Business Operations at Pace, overseeing Manufacturing Strategy, Procurement, Quality and Business Systems. He was also responsible for Pace’s supplier relationships and acted in a governance capacity, ensuring Pace met its corporate social responsibility obligations. Baldock joined Pace in 1997 as a Financial Accountant at the company’s UK headquarters. In 2005, he transferred to the Pace Americas office in Boca Raton, FL where his roles included Product Manager, Director of Commercial Operations and VP, Customer Support.  Baldock qualified as a Chartered Management Accountant in the UK and holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Glasgow Caledonian University and an MBA from the University of Florida.
	1Patrick Macken	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2General Counsel	 and 	2Secretary	,  Patrick Macken is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,  at ARRIS. In this role, he oversees all aspects of the company’s legal function. Macken joined ARRIS from Troutman Sanders LLP, where he served as partner in the firm’s Corporate Group, providing legal counsel and support to ARRIS for more than 10 years. His legal expertise spans securities law, M&A, capital markets, commercial law and corporate governance. Macken holds a Bachelor’s Degree and a Juris Doctorate from Tulane University.
	1Vicki Brewster	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	3Human Resources	,  Vicki Brewster is Senior Vice President of Human Resources at ARRIS, where she leads global people strategies that enable growth, energize the culture, and create an employee competitive advantage for ARRIS.   Vicki has held leadership HR roles at ARRIS for over a decade, managing global business-critical functions including talent acquisition, compensation, benefits, HR systems, talent management, and employee relations.  Her work includes leading the global HR integration of strategic ARRIS acquisitions including Motorola Home and Pace. Prior to joining ARRIS, Vicki held senior leadership roles at S1 Corporation, NDCHealth, WebMD, and HBO & Company. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Relations and Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill., 
http://ir.arrisi.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=87823&p=irol-govManage
