
	1Richard A. Smith	,  	2Chairman	, 	2Chief Executive Officer	 and 	2President	 Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Richard A. Smith,  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Richard A. Smith is chairman, chief executive officer and president of Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), a global leader in residential real estate franchising with company-owned real estate brokerage operations as well as relocation, title and settlement services. In 2016, he was named the Most Powerful Person in Residential Real Estate for the third consecutive year according to the Swanepoel Power 200 report. Under Smith’s leadership, Realogy has been recognized as one of the World’s Mo... 
Richard A. Smith,  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Richard A. Smith is chairman, chief executive officer and president of Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), a global leader in residential real estate franchising with company-owned real estate brokerage operations as well as relocation, title and settlement services. In 2016, he was named the Most Powerful Person in Residential Real Estate for the third consecutive year according to the Swanepoel Power 200 report. Under Smith’s leadership, Realogy has been recognized as one of the World’s Mo... , 
	1Donald J. Casey	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 Title Resource Group,  Donald J. Casey,  President and Chief Executive Officer Title Resource Group,  Don Casey is president and chief executive officer of Title Resource Group, a full-service title and settlement services company serving real estate companies, affinity groups, corporations and financial institutions in support of residential and commercial real estate transactions. With more than 2,300 employees, Title Resource Group (TRG) is composed of 40 title and settlement services companies with approximately 440 offices licensed in 48 states and the District of Columbia. C... 
Donald J. Casey,  President and Chief Executive Officer Title Resource Group,  Don Casey is president and chief executive officer of Title Resource Group, a full-service title and settlement services company serving real estate companies, affinity groups, corporations and financial institutions in support of residential and commercial real estate transactions. With more than 2,300 employees, Title Resource Group (TRG) is composed of 40 title and settlement services companies with approximately 440 offices licensed in 48 states and the District of Columbia. C... , 
	1Stephen Fraser	,  	2Senior Vice President	 and 	2Chief Information Officer	 Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Stephen Fraser,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Stephen Fraser serves as senior vice president and chief information officer for Realogy Holdings Corp., a leader in real estate franchising and provider of real estate brokerage, relocation and settlement services. In this role, Fraser is responsible for developing and executing Realogy’s enterprise-wide technology strategy and aligning the IT vision with business objectives for each business unit. Additionally, he has direct oversight of the corporate IT functions, and develops and delivers te... 
Stephen Fraser,  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Stephen Fraser serves as senior vice president and chief information officer for Realogy Holdings Corp., a leader in real estate franchising and provider of real estate brokerage, relocation and settlement services. In this role, Fraser is responsible for developing and executing Realogy’s enterprise-wide technology strategy and aligning the IT vision with business objectives for each business unit. Additionally, he has direct oversight of the corporate IT functions, and develops and delivers te... , 
	1Tim Gustavson	,  	2Senior Vice President	, 	2Chief Accounting Officer	 and 	2Controller	 Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Tim Gustavson,  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Tim Gustavson serves as senior vice president, chief accounting officer and controller for Realogy. Promoted to the role in March 2015, Gustavson oversees all corporate accounting and financial reporting functions, as well as the shared services, treasury, corporate tax and insurance departments. He works closely with the audit committee of the Realogy Board of Directors. Gustavson, a certified public accountant, previously served as Realogy’s assistant corporate controller and vice... 
Tim Gustavson,  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Tim Gustavson serves as senior vice president, chief accounting officer and controller for Realogy. Promoted to the role in March 2015, Gustavson oversees all corporate accounting and financial reporting functions, as well as the shared services, treasury, corporate tax and insurance departments. He works closely with the audit committee of the Realogy Board of Directors. Gustavson, a certified public accountant, previously served as Realogy’s assistant corporate controller and vice... , 
	1Sunita Holzer	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Chief Human Resources Officer	,  Sunita Holzer,  Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer,  Sunita Holzer was appointed as executive vice president and chief human resources officer (CHRO) for Realogy in March 2015. She is responsible for all aspects of Realogy's worldwide human resources strategy and implementation for the Company's 10,700 employees. With more than 30 years of experience in the human resources field and over 10 as a CHRO, she has a wealth of strategic human resources leadership experience, having served in executive HR roles for a number of leading companies ... 
Sunita Holzer,  Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer,  Sunita Holzer was appointed as executive vice president and chief human resources officer (CHRO) for Realogy in March 2015. She is responsible for all aspects of Realogy's worldwide human resources strategy and implementation for the Company's 10,700 employees. With more than 30 years of experience in the human resources field and over 10 as a CHRO, she has a wealth of strategic human resources leadership experience, having served in executive HR roles for a number of leading companies ... , 
	1Anthony E. Hull	,  	2Executive Vice President	, 	2Chief Financial Officer	 and 	2Treasurer	 Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Anthony E. Hull,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Anthony E. Hull has served as executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer for Realogy since August 2006. In this role, he has overall responsibility for all corporate finance functions along with mergers and acquisitions, business development, investor relations and corporate communications. Hull played a pivotal role in helping take Realogy public on the New York Stock Exchange in October 2012, in what was the second-largest IPO of the year. Hull received the 2013 NJBIZ C... 
Anthony E. Hull,  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Anthony E. Hull has served as executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer for Realogy since August 2006. In this role, he has overall responsibility for all corporate finance functions along with mergers and acquisitions, business development, investor relations and corporate communications. Hull played a pivotal role in helping take Realogy public on the New York Stock Exchange in October 2012, in what was the second-largest IPO of the year. Hull received the 2013 NJBIZ C... , 
	1Kevin J. Kelleher	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 	3Cartus Corporation	,  Kevin J. Kelleher,  President and Chief Executive Officer Cartus Corporation,  With 30-plus years of relocation management experience, Kevin Kelleher has led Cartus on high growth and global expansion strategies, inclusive of multiple acquisitions and the creation of new products for distinctly different customer segments. Kelleher has transformed the organization’s culture, driving performance expectations while seeking and creating new customer and profit pools. He has a vast resume of experience and proven expertise in executive leadership, organizational design, glo... 
Kevin J. Kelleher,  President and Chief Executive Officer Cartus Corporation,  With 30-plus years of relocation management experience, Kevin Kelleher has led Cartus on high growth and global expansion strategies, inclusive of multiple acquisitions and the creation of new products for distinctly different customer segments. Kelleher has transformed the organization’s culture, driving performance expectations while seeking and creating new customer and profit pools. He has a vast resume of experience and proven expertise in executive leadership, organizational design, glo... , 
	1Alexander E. Perriello	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 	3Realogy Franchise Group	,  Alexander E. Perriello,  President and Chief Executive Officer Realogy Franchise Group,  Alexander E. Perriello, III, is president and chief executive officer of the Realogy Franchise Group, the largest franchisor of residential and commercial real estate brokerage offices in the world. In this role in which he has served since 2004, Perriello oversees the Better Homes and Gardens® Real Estate, CENTURY 21®, Coldwell Banker®, Coldwell Banker Commercial®, ERA and Sotheby’s International Realty® real estate brands, which combined have approximately 13,600 franchised offices and more... 
Alexander E. Perriello,  President and Chief Executive Officer Realogy Franchise Group,  Alexander E. Perriello, III, is president and chief executive officer of the Realogy Franchise Group, the largest franchisor of residential and commercial real estate brokerage offices in the world. In this role in which he has served since 2004, Perriello oversees the Better Homes and Gardens® Real Estate, CENTURY 21®, Coldwell Banker®, Coldwell Banker Commercial®, ERA and Sotheby’s International Realty® real estate brands, which combined have approximately 13,600 franchised offices and more... , 
	1Marilyn J. Wasser	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2General Counsel	 	3Realogy Holdings Corp.	,  Marilyn J. Wasser,  Executive Vice President and General Counsel Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Marilyn J. Wasser is executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for Realogy. In her role, she provides strategic legal direction and support for Realogy and its business units and brand networks. As general counsel, she is responsible for Realogy’s legal efforts in the areas of compliance, governance, litigation and regulatory affairs, human capital, benefits, and corporate services as well as the Company’s government relations function. Before joining Rea... 
Marilyn J. Wasser,  Executive Vice President and General Counsel Realogy Holdings Corp.,  Marilyn J. Wasser is executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for Realogy. In her role, she provides strategic legal direction and support for Realogy and its business units and brand networks. As general counsel, she is responsible for Realogy’s legal efforts in the areas of compliance, governance, litigation and regulatory affairs, human capital, benefits, and corporate services as well as the Company’s government relations function. Before joining Rea... , 
	1Bruce Zipf	,  	2President	 and 	2Chief Executive Officer	 	3NRT LLC	,  Bruce Zipf,  President and Chief Executive Officer NRT LLC,  Bruce Zipf is president and chief executive officer for NRT LLC, Realogy’s wholly owned and operated real estate brokerage subsidiary with operations in more than 50 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in the United States. In this capacity, Zipf focuses on guiding the strategic direction of the organization, including the company’s finance, acquisitions, marketing, legal and human resources functions. Prior to assuming his current role, Zipf was NRT’s president and chief operati... 
Bruce Zipf,  President and Chief Executive Officer NRT LLC,  Bruce Zipf is president and chief executive officer for NRT LLC, Realogy’s wholly owned and operated real estate brokerage subsidiary with operations in more than 50 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in the United States. In this capacity, Zipf focuses on guiding the strategic direction of the organization, including the company’s finance, acquisitions, marketing, legal and human resources functions. Prior to assuming his current role, Zipf was NRT’s president and chief operati... , 
Board of Directors,  Executive Officers,  Business Executives, 
Overview,  Board of Directors Executive Officers Business Executives Leadership Code of Ethics Board Committees & Charters Contact the Board
Board of Directors,  Executive Officers,  Business Executives, 
Board of Directors Executive Officers Business Executives Leadership, 
Overview Board of Directors Executive Officers Business Executives Leadership Code of Ethics,  Board Committees & Charters,  Contact the Board, 
Home,  > Governance > Executive Officers
http://ir.realogy.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=198414&p=irol-govManage