
Crude Oil Pipelines,  Delaware Basin Crude Gathering Pipeline Bakken Lake Charles & St. James
Delaware Basin Crude Gathering Pipeline,  Bakken,  Lake Charles & St. James, 
Investor Relations,  Company Overview Frequently Asked Questions Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures News Releases Presentations & Webcasts SEC filings Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions Information Request Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition
Company Overview,  Frequently Asked Questions,  Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures News Releases Presentations & Webcasts SEC filings Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions Information Request Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition
Financial Profile,  Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage
Stock Information,  Fundamentals,  Annual Reports,  Analyst Coverage, 
Company Overview Frequently Asked Questions Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures,  News Releases,  Presentations & Webcasts,  SEC filings,  Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions Information Request Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition
Corporate Governance,  Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance,  Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements
Audit Committee Charter,  Board of Directors,  Committee Composition,  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,  Compensation Committee Charter,  Contacting a Director,  Corporate Governance Guidelines,  Ethics for Senior Financial Officers,  Partnership Agreements, 
Company Overview Frequently Asked Questions Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures News Releases Presentations & Webcasts SEC filings Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information,  Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions,  Information Request,  Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition
Company Overview Frequently Asked Questions Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures News Releases Presentations & Webcasts SEC filings Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions Information Request Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition, 
Corporate Overview Corporate Ownership ET Family Ownership Chart Energy Transfer Equity (ETE) Investment in Lake Charles LNG Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Investment in Lake Charles LNG Sunoco Logistics (SXL) Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Retail Marketing Regency Energy Partners Senior Management History Map Operations Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Intrastate Transportation and Storage Interstate Transportation and Storage Midstream Liquids Transportation and Services Investment in Sunoco Logistics Retail Marketing All Other Informational Postings and Customer Activities Crude Oil Pipelines Delaware Basin Crude Gathering Pipeline Bakken Lake Charles & St. James Rover Pipeline ( Marcellus/Utica ) Investor Relations Company Overview Frequently Asked Questions Financial Profile Stock Information Fundamentals Annual Reports Analyst Coverage Non-GAAP Measures News Releases Presentations & Webcasts SEC filings Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter Board of Directors Committee Composition Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Compensation Committee Charter Contacting a Director Corporate Governance Guidelines Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Partnership Agreements K-1 Tax Package Information Tax Information Related to Mergers & Acquisitions Information Request Distribution Information Distribution History DRIP Program Information DRIP Pricing Susser Holdings Acquisition Safety Pipeline Safety Emergency Contact Numbers How To Identify A Pipeline How To Recognize A Leak Call Before You Dig Pipeline Safety Brochures Pipeline Integrity Helpful Links Careers, 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.,  Kelcy L. Warren Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board of Directors Kelcy Warren is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Energy Transfer Partners, L. P. (ETP). Mr. Warren also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the general partner of Energy Transfer Equity, L. P. (ETE). Prior to the combination of the operations of ETP and Heritage Propane in 2004, Mr. Warren co-founded the entities that acquired and operated the midstream assets that were contributed in the merger. From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Warren served as a Director of Crosstex Energy, Inc. and from 1993 to 1996, he served as President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of Cornerstone Natural Gas, Inc. Mr. Warren has more than 25 years of business experience in the energy industry. Matthew S. Ramsey ETP President and Chief Operating Officer Mr. Ramsey, who has more than 35 years of experience in the energy industry is responsible for ETP’s commercial activities, along with its operations, engineering, construction, and compression groups; he has also served on the board of directors of ETE since 2012, and as Chairman of the board of Energy Transfer-owned Sunoco LP (NYSE: SUN) since 2014.Prior to joining ETP, Mr. Ramsey served as president of Houston-based RPM Exploration Ltd., a private oil and gas exploration partnership. Mr. Ramsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of OEC Compression Corporation, Inc., a publicly traded oil field service company, providing gas compression services to a variety of energy clients. (OEC: AMEX) Previously, Mr. Ramsey served as Vice President of Nuevo Energy Company, an independent energy company (NYSE:NEV). Additionally, he was employed by Torch Energy Advisors, Inc., a company providing management and operations services to energy companies, last serving as Executive Vice President. He is licensed to practice law in the State of Texas and he is qualified to practice in the Western District of Texas and the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Thomas E. Long Chief Financial Officer Thomas E. Long was elected chief financial officer of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.,  in April 2015. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Long served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Regency Energy Partners LP since December 2010, where he was responsible for all financial aspects of the company. From May 2008 to November 2010, Mr. Long served as vice president and chief financial officer of Matrix Service Company. Prior to joining Matrix, he served as vice president and chief financial officer of DCP Midstream Partners, LP. From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Long served in several executive positions with subsidiaries of Duke Energy Corp., one of the nation’s largest electric power companies. Mr. Long has a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant. Greg Brazaitis Chief Compliance Officer Greg Brazaitis joined Energy Transfer in March 2005 with the acquisition of the Houston Pipeline assets, where he has served as Vice President - Government and State Affairs. Greg has over thirty years of experience in the midstream business in various roles, from planning, operations and acquisitions to commodity trading. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, he spent several years in Saudi Arabia managing the engineering, construction and startup of world scale midstream facilities. Since joining Energy Transfer, Greg has been responsible for starting our legislative initiatives in Texas, Louisiana, West Virginia and Pennsylvania and has been engaged in various state affairs issues in New York, New Mexico and Arizona. Mr. Brazaitis has given expert testimony on pending legislation in various Senate and House Committees in several of those states. In 2009, Mr. Brazaitis established our Political Action Committee, which has over one hundred members and has issued campaign contributions to well over one hundred state and federal legislators. Jim Wright ETP General Counsel Jim Wright was elected General Counsel of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.,  in December 2015. Mr. Wright has been a part of the Energy Transfer legal team with increasing levels of responsibility since July 2005, and served as its Deputy General Counsel since May 2008. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Wright gained significant experience at Enterprise Products Partners, L.P., El Paso Corp., Sonat Exploration Company and KPMG Peat Marwick LLP. Mr. Wright earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting and Finance from Texas A&M University and a JD from South Texas College of Law. Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. John W. McReynolds President Mr. McReynolds is a Director of Energy Transfer Partners and the President of Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. ("ETE"). Mr. McReynolds has served as the President of ETE since March 2005 and as a Director and the Chief Financial Officer of ETE since August 2005. Prior to becoming President of ETE, Mr. McReynolds was a partner with the international law firm of Hunton & Williams LLP for over 20 years. As a lawyer, he specialized in energy related finance, securities, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, syndication and litigation matters, and served as an expert in numerous arbitration, litigation, and governmental proceedings, including as an expert in special projects for boards of directors of public companies. Mr. McReynolds has served as a Director of our General Partner since August 2004. Marshall S. McCrea ETE Group Chief Operating Officer and Chief Commercial Officer Mr. McCrea, appointed ETE’s Group Chief Operating Officer and Chief Commercial Officer in November, 2015, is responsible for the oversight and development of all commercial and strategic opportunities for the entire Energy Transfer family of midstream partnerships. Mr. McCrea has more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry and has served on the board of directors of ETE since 2012. Prior to being appointed Group COO and CCO of ETE, Mr. McCrea served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.,  since June 2008. Prior to this position, Mr. McCrea served as President of Energy Transfer Company, a subsidiary of ETP’s pipeline operations, since 2005. He began his career in the energy industry in the mid-1980s and joined ETP in 1997 as Senior Vice President of Business Development and Producer Services. In 2004, following the combination of ETP’s midstream and propane operations, he served as Senior Vice President of Commercial Development. Thomas P. Mason ETE Executive Vice President, General Counsel Thomas Mason serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel for ETE. Mr. Mason previously served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Energy Transfer from January 2008 to December 2015. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Mason was a partner in the Houston office of Vinson & Elkins, and in such capacity, represented ETP on various major projects. Mr. Mason has specialized in securities offerings and mergers and acquisitions for more than 25 years. Brad Whitehurst Executive Vice President and Head of Tax Mr. Whitehurst has served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Tax of our General Partner since August 2014. Prior to joining ETE, Mr. Whitehurst was a partner in the Washington, DC office of Bingham McCutchen LLP and an attorney in the Washington, DC offices of both McKee Nelson LLP and Hogan & Hartson. Mr. Whitehurst has specialized in partnership taxation and has advised ETE and its subsidiaries in his role as outside counsel since 2006.
	1Kelcy L. Warren	,  	2Chief Executive Officer	,  	2Chairman of the Board of Directors	, 
	1Matthew S. Ramsey	,  	2ETP President	 and 	2Chief Operating Officer	, 
	1Thomas E. Long	,  	2Chief Financial Officer	, 
	1Greg Brazaitis	,  	2Chief Compliance Officer	, 
	1Jim Wright	,  	2ETP General Counsel	, 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. Kelcy L. Warren Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board of Directors Kelcy Warren is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Energy Transfer Partners, L. P. (ETP). Mr. Warren also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the general partner of Energy Transfer Equity, L. P. (ETE). Prior to the combination of the operations of ETP and Heritage Propane in 2004, Mr. Warren co-founded the entities that acquired and operated the midstream assets that were contributed in the merger. From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Warren served as a Director of Crosstex Energy, Inc. and from 1993 to 1996, he served as President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of Cornerstone Natural Gas, Inc. Mr. Warren has more than 25 years of business experience in the energy industry. Matthew S. Ramsey ETP President and Chief Operating Officer Mr. Ramsey, who has more than 35 years of experience in the energy industry is responsible for ETP’s commercial activities, along with its operations, engineering, construction, and compression groups; he has also served on the board of directors of ETE since 2012, and as Chairman of the board of Energy Transfer-owned Sunoco LP (NYSE: SUN) since 2014.Prior to joining ETP, Mr. Ramsey served as president of Houston-based RPM Exploration Ltd., a private oil and gas exploration partnership. Mr. Ramsey served as President and Chief Executive Officer of OEC Compression Corporation, Inc., a publicly traded oil field service company, providing gas compression services to a variety of energy clients. (OEC: AMEX) Previously, Mr. Ramsey served as Vice President of Nuevo Energy Company, an independent energy company (NYSE:NEV). Additionally, he was employed by Torch Energy Advisors, Inc., a company providing management and operations services to energy companies, last serving as Executive Vice President. He is licensed to practice law in the State of Texas and he is qualified to practice in the Western District of Texas and the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Thomas E. Long Chief Financial Officer Thomas E. Long was elected chief financial officer of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. in April 2015. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Long served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Regency Energy Partners LP since December 2010, where he was responsible for all financial aspects of the company. From May 2008 to November 2010, Mr. Long served as vice president and chief financial officer of Matrix Service Company. Prior to joining Matrix, he served as vice president and chief financial officer of DCP Midstream Partners, LP. From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Long served in several executive positions with subsidiaries of Duke Energy Corp., one of the nation’s largest electric power companies. Mr. Long has a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant. Greg Brazaitis Chief Compliance Officer Greg Brazaitis joined Energy Transfer in March 2005 with the acquisition of the Houston Pipeline assets, where he has served as Vice President - Government and State Affairs. Greg has over thirty years of experience in the midstream business in various roles, from planning, operations and acquisitions to commodity trading. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, he spent several years in Saudi Arabia managing the engineering, construction and startup of world scale midstream facilities. Since joining Energy Transfer, Greg has been responsible for starting our legislative initiatives in Texas, Louisiana, West Virginia and Pennsylvania and has been engaged in various state affairs issues in New York, New Mexico and Arizona. Mr. Brazaitis has given expert testimony on pending legislation in various Senate and House Committees in several of those states. In 2009, Mr. Brazaitis established our Political Action Committee, which has over one hundred members and has issued campaign contributions to well over one hundred state and federal legislators. Jim Wright ETP General Counsel Jim Wright was elected General Counsel of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. in December 2015. Mr. Wright has been a part of the Energy Transfer legal team with increasing levels of responsibility since July 2005, and served as its Deputy General Counsel since May 2008. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Wright gained significant experience at Enterprise Products Partners, L.P., El Paso Corp., Sonat Exploration Company and KPMG Peat Marwick LLP. Mr. Wright earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting and Finance from Texas A&M University and a JD from South Texas College of Law. Energy Transfer Equity, L.P.,  John W. McReynolds President Mr. McReynolds is a Director of Energy Transfer Partners and the President of Energy Transfer Equity, L.P.,  ("ETE"). Mr. McReynolds has served as the President of ETE since March 2005 and as a Director and the Chief Financial Officer of ETE since August 2005. Prior to becoming President of ETE, Mr. McReynolds was a partner with the international law firm of Hunton & Williams LLP for over 20 years. As a lawyer, he specialized in energy related finance, securities, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, syndication and litigation matters, and served as an expert in numerous arbitration, litigation, and governmental proceedings, including as an expert in special projects for boards of directors of public companies. Mr. McReynolds has served as a Director of our General Partner since August 2004. Marshall S. McCrea ETE Group Chief Operating Officer and Chief Commercial Officer Mr. McCrea, appointed ETE’s Group Chief Operating Officer and Chief Commercial Officer in November, 2015, is responsible for the oversight and development of all commercial and strategic opportunities for the entire Energy Transfer family of midstream partnerships. Mr. McCrea has more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry and has served on the board of directors of ETE since 2012. Prior to being appointed Group COO and CCO of ETE, Mr. McCrea served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. since June 2008. Prior to this position, Mr. McCrea served as President of Energy Transfer Company, a subsidiary of ETP’s pipeline operations, since 2005. He began his career in the energy industry in the mid-1980s and joined ETP in 1997 as Senior Vice President of Business Development and Producer Services. In 2004, following the combination of ETP’s midstream and propane operations, he served as Senior Vice President of Commercial Development. Thomas P. Mason ETE Executive Vice President, General Counsel Thomas Mason serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel for ETE. Mr. Mason previously served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Energy Transfer from January 2008 to December 2015. Prior to joining Energy Transfer, Mr. Mason was a partner in the Houston office of Vinson & Elkins, and in such capacity, represented ETP on various major projects. Mr. Mason has specialized in securities offerings and mergers and acquisitions for more than 25 years. Brad Whitehurst Executive Vice President and Head of Tax Mr. Whitehurst has served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Tax of our General Partner since August 2014. Prior to joining ETE, Mr. Whitehurst was a partner in the Washington, DC office of Bingham McCutchen LLP and an attorney in the Washington, DC offices of both McKee Nelson LLP and Hogan & Hartson. Mr. Whitehurst has specialized in partnership taxation and has advised ETE and its subsidiaries in his role as outside counsel since 2006.
	1John W. McReynolds	,	2President	, 
	1Marshall S. McCrea	,  	2ETE Group Chief Operating Officer	 and 	2Chief Commercial Officer	, 
	1Thomas P. Mason	,  	2ETE Executive Vice President	, 	2General Counsel	, 
	1Brad Whitehurst	,  	2Executive Vice President	 and 	2Head of Tax	, 
http://www.energytransfer.com/senior_mgt.aspx
