
Stuart Miller, Chief Executive Officer, 
Rick Beckwitt, President, 
Jon Jaffe, Vice President &, Chief Operating Officer, 
Bruce Gross, Vice President &, Chief Financial Officer, 
Diane Bessette, Vice President & Treasurer, 
Mark Sustana, Secretary & General Counsel, 
Michael Petrolino, Vice President - Taxation, 
David Collins, Controller,  , 
Carl Garraffo, Chief Human Resource Officer, 
Laura Lete, Chief Information Officer ,  , 
Kay Howard, Director - Communications ,  , 
David Kaiserman, President - Lennar Ventures, 
Fred Rothman, Regional President, 
Rob Hutton, Regional President, 
Jeff Roos, Regional President, 
Greg McGuff, Regional President, 
Todd Farrell, President, 
Ed Easley, Regional President, 
Emile Haddad, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Erik Higgins, Chief Financial Officer, 
Mike White, Treasurer, 
Lynn Jochim, Executive Vice President, 
Jimmy Timmons, President, Universal American Mortgage Company and Eagle Home Mortgage, Inc., 
Tom Fischer , President, North American Title Group, Inc., 
Jeff Krasnoff, Chief Executive Officer, 
Jay Mantz, President, 
Brett Ersoff, President, Rialto Mortgage Finance, 
John Herman, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Rialto Mortgage Finance, 
David Kaiserman, Chief Executive Officer, 
Emily Frager, Chief Marketing Officer, 
Chris Marlin, President, 
Naples / Ft. Myers, 
Minnesota:, Minneapolis / St. Paul, 
Nevada:, Las Vegas, Reno, 
Tweet, Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. All rights reserved. Lennar's Privacy Policy was revised effective 2016. Lennar is the leading builder of quality new homes in the most desirable real estate markets across the nation. Our home plans demonstrate our commitment to our customers by showcasing outstanding new home construction and a dedication to excellence in homebuilding. Every new home for sale offers the simplicity of included options featured in our model homes and inventory homes.  The prices of our homes, included features and available locations are subject to change without notice.  Stated dimensions and square footage are approximate and should not be used a representation of the home's precise or actual size.  Please see the actual purchase agreement for additional information, disclosures and disclaimers relating to the home and it's features. Where available elements of the Nexia Home Intelligence System may vary per plan and community and program selected by buyer and are subject to changes or substitution without notice. Remote access requires internet access and there is a monthly fee for remote access capabilities. For additional legal disclaimers please click here. This is not an offer in states where prior registration is required.  Void where prohibited by law.  Copyright © 2016 Lennar Corporation. Lennar, the Lennar logo, Everything's Included, Everything's Included logo, Next-Gen, Next-Gen - The Home Within a Home and Next-Gen logo are registered service marks or service marks of Lennar Corporation and/or its subsidiaries.  7/16
http://www.lennar.com/about/leadership