
We grow our business by helping our clients grow theirs. By putting their needs first, we build long-term, relationships with industrial, commercial, and government clients in multiple markets. In fact, more than 90 percent of our work is repeat, business. That commitment to client value and partnership produces consistent cost advantages, profits and growth for Jacobs, allowing us to attract and retain the industry’s top talent. Today, nearly 60, 000 employees help us prosper in diverse industries by holding true to our values and culture. Headquartered in Pasadena, California, USA, our global network spans more than 230+ offices in countries across North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, India, Australia, Africa, and Asia. Please contact shareholder.information@jacobs.com to receive additional investor materials. More information about Jacobs is also available in our SEC filings. Latest News and Press Releases See more press releases Historical Price Look Up Investor calculator Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking. Latest Featured events Aug 9, 2016 at 10:00 AM ET Q3 2016 Jacobs Earnings Conference Call Listen to the live webcast View the Press Release?() See more events Stock quote Stock Quote: NYSE Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE: JEC $ 53.49 on Aug 1, 2016 at 5:00 P.M. Change: +0.00 (+0%) Volume: 617, 600 Stay in touch Sign up for email alerts whenever Jacobs posts new investor information. Email Address * Mailing Lists * Press releases SEC filings Presentations Events Financial reports,   Enter the code shown above. * or email us at investor.relations@jacobs.com Transfer agent Correspondence about share ownership, transfer requirements, changes of address, lost stock certificates, and account status may be directed to: Wells Fargo Shareowner Services, 161 North Concord Exchange Street, South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075-1139, + 1.800.468.9716 voice, + 1.651.450.4064 voice, + 1.651.450.4033 fax, http://www.wellsfargo.com/shareownerservices, 
Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking., 
Audit Committee Purpose:, Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function. Audit Committee Charter Joseph R. Bronson, (Chair) Christopher M.T., Thompson Peter J., Robertson, Contact Our Audit Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Purpose:, Chaired by Robert C. Davidson, Jr., the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter Robert C., Davidson, Jr. (Chair) Juan José Suárez, Coppel Dawne S., Hickton, Human Resource and Compensation Committee Purpose:, Chaired by Linda Fayne Levinson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions., Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter Linda Fayne, Levinson (Chair) Ralph E. Eberhart, John F. Coyne  , 
Contact Our Board Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Company's independent directors may do so by either: Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, +1.877.522.6272;, Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:, Lead Independent Director, c/o Corporate Secretary, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 155 North Lake Avenue 91101, P.O. Box 7084, Pasadena, California, USA., 91109-7084; or, Sending a confidential e-mail to leadindependent.director@jacobs.com Contact Our Audit Committee Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either: Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, +1.877.522.6272;, Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:, Chair, Audit Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 155 North Lake Avenue 91101, P.O. Box 7084, Pasadena, California, USA., 91109-7084; or, Sending a confidential e-mail to audit.committee@jacobs.com., 
Purpose:, Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function. Audit Committee Charter Members:, Joseph R. Bronson (Chair), Peter J. Robertson, Christopher M.T. Thompson, Contact Our Audit Committee Purpose:, Chaired by Linda Fayne Levinson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions. Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter Members:, Linda Fayne Levinson (Chair), Ralph E. Eberhart, John F. Coyne Purpose:, Chaired by Edward Fritzky, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter Members:, Edward V. Fritzky (Chair), Robert C. Davidson, Jr., Juan José Suárez Coppel Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Company's independent directors may do so by either: Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, 1.877.522.6272; Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:, Presiding Director, c/o Corporate Secretary, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 155 North Lake Avenue 91101, P.O. Box 7084, Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or Sending a confidential e-mail to presiding.director@jacobs.com. Contact Our Audit Committee Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either: Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, 1.877.522.6272; Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:, Chair, Audit Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 155 North Lake Avenue 91101, P.O. Box 7084, Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or Sending a confidential e-mail to audit.committee@jacobs.com., 
Download Description Jacobs Code of Conduct 3.28 MB Certificate of Incorporation 328 KB Corporate Bylaws 74 KB Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Board of Directors As amended and restated on March 27, 2014 to reflect certain technical and ministerial changes. 30 KB Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers As amended and restated on March 27, 2014 to reflect certain technical and ministerial changes. 29 KB Board of Directors Guidelines for Determining the Independence of its Members 87 KB Corporate Governance Guidelines 34 KB, 
Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking., 
http://invest.jacobs.com/investors/default.aspx#gov