Paulo Basilio	title	Chief Financial Officer	Paulo Basilio, , (as announced on June 7), is appointed Chief Financial Officer. Paulo is a partner at 3G Capital and previously served as CEOof America Latina Logistica (ALL) from 2010 to September 2012, after having served as ALL’s COO, CFO, Commercial Officerand Analyst.
Paulo Basilio	title	CEO	Paulo Basilio, , (as announced on June 7), is appointed Chief Financial Officer. Paulo is a partner at 3G Capital and previously served as CEOof America Latina Logistica (ALL) from 2010 to September 2012, after having served as ALL’s COO, CFO, Commercial Officerand Analyst.
Kristen Clark	title	SVP	Kristen Clark,  is appointed SVP and Chief People Officer. In this role, Kristen will direct the worldwide Human Resources function. Most recently, Kristen served as Presidentof Heinz Canada. Previously Kristen was Chief Strategy Officerat World Headquarters. Formerly, Kristen served as the Group Vice Presidentof Meals and Snacks for Heinz North America. Prior to joining Heinz, Kristen worked at Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson in marketing and sales. Kristen joined Heinz in 2000. Kristen will report temporarily to Bernardo Hees until the open position of EVP of HR, IT and Performance is named.
Kristen Clark	title	Chief People Officer	Kristen Clark,  is appointed SVP and Chief People Officer. In this role, Kristen will direct the worldwide Human Resources function. Most recently, Kristen served as Presidentof Heinz Canada. Previously Kristen was Chief Strategy Officerat World Headquarters. Formerly, Kristen served as the Group Vice Presidentof Meals and Snacks for Heinz North America. Prior to joining Heinz, Kristen worked at Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson in marketing and sales. Kristen joined Heinz in 2000. Kristen will report temporarily to Bernardo Hees until the open position of EVP of HR, IT and Performance is named.
Kristen Clark	title	President	Kristen Clark,  is appointed SVP and Chief People Officer. In this role, Kristen will direct the worldwide Human Resources function. Most recently, Kristen served as Presidentof Heinz Canada. Previously Kristen was Chief Strategy Officerat World Headquarters. Formerly, Kristen served as the Group Vice Presidentof Meals and Snacks for Heinz North America. Prior to joining Heinz, Kristen worked at Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson in marketing and sales. Kristen joined Heinz in 2000. Kristen will report temporarily to Bernardo Hees until the open position of EVP of HR, IT and Performance is named.
Kristen Clark	title	Group Vice President	Kristen Clark,  is appointed SVP and Chief People Officer. In this role, Kristen will direct the worldwide Human Resources function. Most recently, Kristen served as Presidentof Heinz Canada. Previously Kristen was Chief Strategy Officerat World Headquarters. Formerly, Kristen served as the Group Vice Presidentof Meals and Snacks for Heinz North America. Prior to joining Heinz, Kristen worked at Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson in marketing and sales. Kristen joined Heinz in 2000. Kristen will report temporarily to Bernardo Hees until the open position of EVP of HR, IT and Performance is named.
Brendan Foley	title	Zone President	Brendan Foley,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz North America. Brendan was most recently President of U.S. Consumer Products. While at Heinz, Brendan has held various positions including Marketing Director of Global Ketchup & Sauces, President of U.S. Foodservice and Group Vice Presidentof Marketing for Frozen Meals and Snacks for U.S. Consumer Products. Prior to joining Heinz, Brendan worked at General Mills in marketing for four years, and before that, he spent eight years in advertising. Brendan joined Heinz in 1998.
Brendan Foley	title	Group Vice President	Brendan Foley,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz North America. Brendan was most recently President of U.S. Consumer Products. While at Heinz, Brendan has held various positions including Marketing Director of Global Ketchup & Sauces, President of U.S. Foodservice and Group Vice Presidentof Marketing for Frozen Meals and Snacks for U.S. Consumer Products. Prior to joining Heinz, Brendan worked at General Mills in marketing for four years, and before that, he spent eight years in advertising. Brendan joined Heinz in 1998.
Matt Hill	title	Zone President	Matt Hill,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Europe. For the past year, Matt was President of Heinz UK & Ireland. Matt joined Heinz as Chief Marketing Officer for the UK & Ireland business after spending 17 years at Unilever in a variety of UK, European and Global marketing roles. In 2011, Matt was promoted to Chief Commercial Officerof the UK & Ireland with responsibility for day-to-day business operations. Matt joined Heinz in 2010.
Matt Hill	title	Chief Marketing Officer	Matt Hill,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Europe. For the past year, Matt was President of Heinz UK & Ireland. Matt joined Heinz as Chief Marketing Officer for the UK & Ireland business after spending 17 years at Unilever in a variety of UK, European and Global marketing roles. In 2011, Matt was promoted to Chief Commercial Officerof the UK & Ireland with responsibility for day-to-day business operations. Matt joined Heinz in 2010.
Andy Keatings	title	Chief Quality Officer	Andy Keatings, , Chief Quality Officer, joins the senior leadership team. As the Chief Quality Officer Andy is responsible for maintaining the highest standards of food safety and quality in all of Heinz’s products globally. He is also responsible for global risk assessment and management, ensuring consistent product performance globally and driving continuous improvement. Andy joined Heinz in 1994. Andy will have a dotted-line reporting relationship to the Chairman of the Boardof Directors.
Andy Keatings	title	Chairman of the Board	Andy Keatings, , Chief Quality Officer, joins the senior leadership team. As the Chief Quality Officer Andy is responsible for maintaining the highest standards of food safety and quality in all of Heinz’s products globally. He is also responsible for global risk assessment and management, ensuring consistent product performance globally and driving continuous improvement. Andy joined Heinz in 1994. Andy will have a dotted-line reporting relationship to the Chairman of the Boardof Directors.
Emin Mammadov	title	Zone President	Emin Mammadov,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Russia, Turkey, and Middle East & Africa. Emin most recently served as President, Heinz Africa & Middle East, where he focused on accelerating Heinz’s growth in the Emerging Markets. Emin joined Heinz as Marketing Director for Heinz Russia and has since held the roles of Commercial Director, Heinz Russia, followed by an assignment in China as Managing Director, Heinz Foodstar & Heinz Sauces. Prior to joining Heinz, Emin spent more than eight years at Procter & Gamble mostly in Turkey and other emerging markets. Emin joined Heinz in 2006.
Michael Mullen	title	SVP	Michael Mullen,  will continue as SVP of Corporate & Government Affairs. Michael is responsible for all global internal and external communications, government affairs and corporate reputation management. Michael will continue to serve as the Company’s chief media spokesperson and will have responsibility for the H.J. Heinz Company Foundation. Michael joined Heinz in 1998.
Michael Mullen	employee_of	Corporate & Government Affairs	Michael Mullen,  will continue as SVP of Corporate & Government Affairs. Michael is responsible for all global internal and external communications, government affairs and corporate reputation management. Michael will continue to serve as the Company’s chief media spokesperson and will have responsibility for the H.J. Heinz Company Foundation. Michael joined Heinz in 1998.
Eduardo Pelleissone	title	EVP	Eduardo Pelleissone,  joins Heinz as EVP of Operations following 14 years with America Latina Logistica (ALL), where he most recently served as Chief Executive Officer Previously he held the roles of COO, Managing Director and General Manager of Agricultural Products. Before joining ALL, Mr. Pelleissone held several positions at Glencore Importadora e Exportadora SA. Eduardo will have responsibility for supply chain, procurement and operations.
Eduardo Pelleissone	title	Chief Executive Officer	Eduardo Pelleissone,  joins Heinz as EVP of Operations following 14 years with America Latina Logistica (ALL), where he most recently served as Chief Executive Officer Previously he held the roles of COO, Managing Director and General Manager of Agricultural Products. Before joining ALL, Mr. Pelleissone held several positions at Glencore Importadora e Exportadora SA. Eduardo will have responsibility for supply chain, procurement and operations.
Eduardo Pelleissone	employee_of	Operations	Eduardo Pelleissone,  joins Heinz as EVP of Operations following 14 years with America Latina Logistica (ALL), where he most recently served as Chief Executive Officer Previously he held the roles of COO, Managing Director and General Manager of Agricultural Products. Before joining ALL, Mr. Pelleissone held several positions at Glencore Importadora e Exportadora SA. Eduardo will have responsibility for supply chain, procurement and operations.
Fernando Pocaterra	title	Zone President	Fernando Pocaterra,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Latin America. Since 2005, Fernando has been Area Director of Heinz Latin America. Previously, Fernando was President of Heinz Venezuela and Chief Operating Officerof Heinz Italy. Prior to joining Heinz, Fernando worked for four years in the Marketing Department at Procter & Gamble in Venezuela. Fernando is a 32-year Heinz veteran.
Fernando Pocaterra	title	Chief Operating Officer	Fernando Pocaterra,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Latin America. Since 2005, Fernando has been Area Director of Heinz Latin America. Previously, Fernando was President of Heinz Venezuela and Chief Operating Officerof Heinz Italy. Prior to joining Heinz, Fernando worked for four years in the Marketing Department at Procter & Gamble in Venezuela. Fernando is a 32-year Heinz veteran.
Hein Schumacher	title	Zone President	Hein Schumacher,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Asia Pacific. Hein has been President of Heinz China since 2011. Previously, he held positions including VP of Finance for Heinz Europe, Chief Strategy Officerfor Heinz WHQ, VP of Business Process Improvement for Keystone and CFO of Heinz Continental Europe. Before Heinz, Hein worked across various countries for both Royal Ahold and Unilever. Hein joined Heinz in 2003.
Hein Schumacher	title	Chief Strategy Officer	Hein Schumacher,  is appointed Zone Presidentof Heinz Asia Pacific. Hein has been President of Heinz China since 2011. Previously, he held positions including VP of Finance for Heinz Europe, Chief Strategy Officerfor Heinz WHQ, VP of Business Process Improvement for Keystone and CFO of Heinz Continental Europe. Before Heinz, Hein worked across various countries for both Royal Ahold and Unilever. Hein joined Heinz in 2003.
Dan Shaw	title	General Counsel	Dan Shaw,  is appointed General Counsel. Dan has been Deputy General Counsel since 2009. Dan will be responsible for all legal affairs globally including but not limited to mergers and acquisitions, securities law, finance transactions, litigation, and general commercial and regulatory matters. Dan is a 32-year Heinz veteran.
