Mary T. Barra	title	Chairman	Mary T. Barra,  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer General Motors Company, 
Mary T. Barra	title	Chief Executive Officer	Mary T. Barra,  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer General Motors Company, 
Mary T. Barra	title	Chairman	Mary T. Barra Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company Mary Barra is Chairman & Chief Executive Officerof General Motors Company. Barra was elected Chairman of the GM Board of Directors on January 4, 2016, and has served as CEOof GM since January 15, 2014. Learn More, 
Mary T. Barra	title	Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company Mary Barra is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer	Mary T. Barra Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company Mary Barra is Chairman & Chief Executive Officerof General Motors Company. Barra was elected Chairman of the GM Board of Directors on January 4, 2016, and has served as CEOof GM since January 15, 2014. Learn More, 
Mary T. Barra	title	CEO	Mary T. Barra Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Company Mary Barra is Chairman & Chief Executive Officerof General Motors Company. Barra was elected Chairman of the GM Board of Directors on January 4, 2016, and has served as CEOof GM since January 15, 2014. Learn More, 
Dan Ammann	title	President	Dan Ammann,  President General Motors Company, 
Dan Ammann	title	President	Dan Ammann President General Motors Company Dan Ammann was named president of General Motors in January 2014. Ammann is responsible for managing the company’s business operations around the world, the global Chevrolet and Cadillac brand organizations, global product planning, new business development and GM Financial. Learn More, 
Alan Batey	title	Executive Vice President	Alan Batey,  Executive Vice Presidentand President North America, 
Alan Batey	title	President	Alan Batey,  Executive Vice Presidentand President North America, 
Alan Batey	title	Executive Vice President	Alan Batey Executive Vice Presidentand President North America Alan S. Batey was appointed executive vice president and president, North America, in January 2014. Batey also serves on the board of GM China’s joint venture, Shanghai General Motors Co., Ltd. (SGM), and the GM Foundation. Learn More, 
Alan Batey	title	President	Alan Batey Executive Vice Presidentand President North America Alan S. Batey was appointed executive vice president and president, North America, in January 2014. Batey also serves on the board of GM China’s joint venture, Shanghai General Motors Co., Ltd. (SGM), and the GM Foundation. Learn More, 
Daniel E. Berce	title	President	Daniel E. Berce,  Presidentand Chief Executive Officer GM Financial, 
Daniel E. Berce	title	Chief Executive Officer	Daniel E. Berce,  Presidentand Chief Executive Officer GM Financial, 
Daniel E. Berce	employee_of	GM Financial	Daniel E. Berce,  Presidentand Chief Executive Officer GM Financial, 
Daniel E. Berce	title	President	Daniel E. Berce Presidentand Chief Executive Officer, GM Financial Daniel E. Berce has been President and Chief Executive Officer of GM Financial since October 2010, when the company was purchased by General Motors. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriCredit Corp. from August 2005 to September 2010, President from 2003 to 2005, and was Chief Financial Officerfrom 1990 to 2003. Learn More, 
Daniel E. Berce	title	Chief Executive Officer	Daniel E. Berce Presidentand Chief Executive Officer, GM Financial Daniel E. Berce has been President and Chief Executive Officer of GM Financial since October 2010, when the company was purchased by General Motors. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriCredit Corp. from August 2005 to September 2010, President from 2003 to 2005, and was Chief Financial Officerfrom 1990 to 2003. Learn More, 
Daniel E. Berce	employee_of	GM Financial	Daniel E. Berce Presidentand Chief Executive Officer, GM Financial Daniel E. Berce has been President and Chief Executive Officer of GM Financial since October 2010, when the company was purchased by General Motors. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriCredit Corp. from August 2005 to September 2010, President from 2003 to 2005, and was Chief Financial Officerfrom 1990 to 2003. Learn More, 
Alicia Boler-Davis	title	Executive Vice President	Alicia Boler-Davis,  Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing, 
Alicia Boler-Davis	employee_of	Global Manufacturing	Alicia Boler-Davis,  Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing, 
Alicia Boler-Davis 	title	Executive Vice President	Alicia Boler-Davis Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing Alicia Boler-Davis was named executive vice president, General Motors Global Manufacturing in June, 2016. Her responsibilities include labor relations. She is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and reports to GM CEOand Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Alicia Boler-Davis 	title	CEO	Alicia Boler-Davis Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing Alicia Boler-Davis was named executive vice president, General Motors Global Manufacturing in June, 2016. Her responsibilities include labor relations. She is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and reports to GM CEOand Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Tony Cervone	title	Senior Vice President	Tony Cervone,  Senior Vice President Global Communications, 
Tony Cervone	employee_of	Global Communications	Tony Cervone,  Senior Vice President Global Communications, 
Tony Cervone	title	Senior Vice President	Tony Cervone Senior Vice President Global Communications Tony Cervone was named senior vice president, Global Communications, in May 2014. As GM’s top communications executive, he is responsible for the company’s overall global communications strategy. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and a senior advisor to CEOMary Barra. Learn More, 
Tony Cervone	title	CEO	Tony Cervone Senior Vice President Global Communications Tony Cervone was named senior vice president, Global Communications, in May 2014. As GM’s top communications executive, he is responsible for the company’s overall global communications strategy. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team and a senior advisor to CEOMary Barra. Learn More, 
James B. DeLuca	title	Executive Vice President	James B. DeLuca,  Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing, 
James B. DeLuca	employee_of	Global Manufacturing	James B. DeLuca,  Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing, 
James B. DeLuca	title	Executive Vice President	James B. DeLuca Executive Vice President Global Manufacturing Jim DeLuca was appointed executive vice president, Global Manufacturing, in February 2014. He is responsible for General Motors’ manufacturing, labor and manufacturing engineering operations around the world, leading more than 190,000 employees at 171 facilities in 31 countries. Learn More, 
Johan de Nysschen	title	President	Johan de Nysschen,  President Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice President 
Johan de Nysschen	title	Executive Vice President	Johan de Nysschen,  President Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice President 
Johan de Nysschen	title	President	Johan de Nysschen President Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice PresidentJohan de Nysschen was appointed president, Cadillac and General Motors executive vice president in July 2014. de Nysschen is responsible for all aspects of Cadillac globally, including sales, pricing and network development; strategic brand development and marketing; product portfolio planning, including providing critical input for product engineering and design; and overall business results. Learn More, 
Johan de Nysschen	title	Executive Vice President	Johan de Nysschen President Cadillac & General Motors Executive Vice PresidentJohan de Nysschen was appointed president, Cadillac and General Motors executive vice president in July 2014. de Nysschen is responsible for all aspects of Cadillac globally, including sales, pricing and network development; strategic brand development and marketing; product portfolio planning, including providing critical input for product engineering and design; and overall business results. Learn More, 
Barry Engle	title	Executive Vice President	Barry Engle,  Executive Vice Presidentand President South America, 
Barry Engle	title	President	Barry Engle,  Executive Vice Presidentand President South America, 
Barry Engle	title	Executive Vice President	Barry Engle Executive Vice Presidentand President South America Barry Engle joined GM as Executive Vice Presidentand President, South America, responsible for the operations in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela, effective September 2015. He is also a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team. Learn More, 
Barry Engle	title	President	Barry Engle Executive Vice Presidentand President South America Barry Engle joined GM as Executive Vice Presidentand President, South America, responsible for the operations in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela, effective September 2015. He is also a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team. Learn More, 
Barry Engle	title	Vice President	Barry Engle Executive Vice Presidentand President South America Barry Engle joined GM as Executive Vice Presidentand President, South America, responsible for the operations in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela, effective September 2015. He is also a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team. Learn More, 
Tony Francavilla	title	Vice President	Tony Francavilla,  Vice President Global Quality, 
Tony Francavilla	employee_of	Global Quality	Tony Francavilla,  Vice President Global Quality, 
Tony Francavilla	title	Vice President	Tony Francavilla Vice President Global Quality Tony Francavilla has been appointed Vice President Global Quality, in June 2016. Francavilla leads GM’s global quality efforts, aimed at providing customers with the highest-quality vehicles as a foundation for its customers' experience. He reports to GM’s CEOand Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Tony Francavilla	title	Vice President	Tony Francavilla Vice President Global Quality Tony Francavilla has been appointed Vice President Global Quality, in June 2016. Francavilla leads GM’s global quality efforts, aimed at providing customers with the highest-quality vehicles as a foundation for its customers' experience. He reports to GM’s CEOand Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Tony Francavilla	title	CEO	Tony Francavilla Vice President Global Quality Tony Francavilla has been appointed Vice President Global Quality, in June 2016. Francavilla leads GM’s global quality efforts, aimed at providing customers with the highest-quality vehicles as a foundation for its customers' experience. He reports to GM’s CEOand Chairman Mary Barra. Learn More, 
Craig Glidden	title	Executive Vice President	Craig Glidden,  Executive Vice President Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel, 
Craig Glidden	employee_of	Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel	Craig Glidden,  Executive Vice President Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel, 
Craig Glidden	title	Executive Vice President	Craig Glidden Executive Vice President Legal and Public Policy and General Counsel Craig B. Glidden is executive vice president and general counsel of General Motors Co., a position he has held since he joined GM in March 2015. He leads a team of attorneys who are integrated into GM’s regional and functional teams in more than 30 countries. Learn More, 
Stefan Jacoby	title	Executive Vice President	Stefan Jacoby,  GM Executive Vice President& President GM International, 
Stefan Jacoby	title	President	Stefan Jacoby,  GM Executive Vice President& President GM International, 
Stefan Jacoby	title	Executive Vice President	Stefan Jacoby GM Executive Vice President& President GM International Stefan Jacoby is GM executive vice president and president, GM International. He has led the company’s operations in nearly 100 markets in Africa, Asia Pacific and the Middle East since August 2013. Learn More, 
Stefan Jacoby	title	President	Stefan Jacoby GM Executive Vice President& President GM International Stefan Jacoby is GM executive vice president and president, GM International. He has led the company’s operations in nearly 100 markets in Africa, Asia Pacific and the Middle East since August 2013. Learn More, 
Victoria McInnis	title	Vice President	Victoria McInnis,  Vice President Tax and Audit, 
Victoria McInnis	employee_of	Tax and Audit	Victoria McInnis,  Vice President Tax and Audit, 
Victoria McInnis	title	Vice President	Victoria McInnis Vice President Tax and Audit Victoria McInnis was named vice president of Tax and Audit in March 2015. She is responsible for General Motors’ global audit, tax and customs strategy and operations. She leads a global team of more than 500 employees who handle GM’s internal audit services and GM’s tax and customs planning, compliance and controversy management. Learn More, 
Randall D. Mott	title	Senior Vice President	Randall D. Mott,  Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information Officer 
Randall D. Mott	title	Chief Information Officer	Randall D. Mott,  Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information Officer 
Randall D. Mott	employee_of	Global Information Technology	Randall D. Mott,  Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information Officer 
Randall D. Mott	title	Senior Vice President	Randall D. Mott Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information OfficerRandy Mott was named senior vice president and chief information officer, Global Information Technology (IT) in February 2012, responsible for the company’s global IT strategy and all IT assets. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team, reporting to CEOMary Barra. Learn More, 
Randall D. Mott	title	Chief Information Officer	Randall D. Mott Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information OfficerRandy Mott was named senior vice president and chief information officer, Global Information Technology (IT) in February 2012, responsible for the company’s global IT strategy and all IT assets. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team, reporting to CEOMary Barra. Learn More, 
Randall D. Mott	title	CEO	Randall D. Mott Senior Vice President Global Information Technology & Chief Information OfficerRandy Mott was named senior vice president and chief information officer, Global Information Technology (IT) in February 2012, responsible for the company’s global IT strategy and all IT assets. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Team, reporting to CEOMary Barra. Learn More, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann	title	Executive Vice President	Karl-Thomas Neumann,  Executive Vice President& President Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann	title	President	Karl-Thomas Neumann,  Executive Vice President& President Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann	title	Executive Vice President	Karl-Thomas Neumann Executive Vice President& President Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH Dr. Karl-Thomas Neumann has been at the helm of Opel since 2013. He was named chairman of the board of Adam Opel AG and president, Europe effective March 2013. Since July 2014, Dr. Neumann has been chairman of the Management Board of Opel Group GmbH, which is responsible for all General Motors operations in Europe. Learn More, 
Karl-Thomas Neumann	title	President	Karl-Thomas Neumann Executive Vice President& President Europe Chairman, Management Board Opel Group GmbH Dr. Karl-Thomas Neumann has been at the helm of Opel since 2013. He was named chairman of the board of Adam Opel AG and president, Europe effective March 2013. Since July 2014, Dr. Neumann has been chairman of the Management Board of Opel Group GmbH, which is responsible for all General Motors operations in Europe. Learn More, 
John J. Quattrone	title	Senior Vice President	John J. Quattrone,  Senior Vice President GM Global Human Resources, 
John J. Quattrone	employee_of	GM Global Human Resources	John J. Quattrone,  Senior Vice President GM Global Human Resources, 
John J. Quattrone	title	Senior Vice President	John J. Quattrone Senior Vice President GM Global Human Resources John J. Quattrone is senior vice president, GM Global Human Resources in April 2014. He previously was vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Development & Global Purchasing & Supply Chain / Corporate Strategy, Business Development & Global Planning & Program organizations. Learn More, 
Mark Reuss	title	Executive Vice President	Mark Reuss,  Executive Vice President Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain General Motors Company, 
Mark Reuss	employee_of	Global Product Development	Mark Reuss,  Executive Vice President Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain General Motors Company, 
Mark Reuss	title	Executive Vice President	Mark Reuss Executive Vice President Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain General Motors Company Mark L. Reuss leads the design, engineering, safety, quality, research and development and program management of General Motors vehicles around the world. He also oversees GM’s Global Purchasing and Supply Chain organization, and is a member of the GM Executive Leadership Team, the Opel Supervisory Board and the board of Shanghai General Motors (SGM). Learn More, 
Chuck Stevens	title	Executive Vice President	Chuck Stevens,  Executive Vice Presidentand CFO, General Motors, 
Chuck Stevens	title	Executive Vice President	Chuck Stevens Executive Vice Presidentand CFO, General Motors Chuck Stevens was named executive vice president and chief financial officer of General Motors effective Jan. 15, 2014. Stevens is responsible for leading the company’s financial and accounting operations on a global basis. Learn More, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Vice President	Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Treasurer	Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	CEO	Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Chief Investment Officer	Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	employee_of	GM Asset Management	Dhivya Suryadevara,  Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Vice President	Dhivya Suryadevara Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management Dhivya Suryadevara was named vice president, Finance and Treasurer, on July 1, 2015. In addition to this role, she remains CEO and chief investment officer of GM Asset Management, positions she has held since February 2014 and July 2013, respectively. Learn More, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Treasurer	Dhivya Suryadevara Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management Dhivya Suryadevara was named vice president, Finance and Treasurer, on July 1, 2015. In addition to this role, she remains CEO and chief investment officer of GM Asset Management, positions she has held since February 2014 and July 2013, respectively. Learn More, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	CEO	Dhivya Suryadevara Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management Dhivya Suryadevara was named vice president, Finance and Treasurer, on July 1, 2015. In addition to this role, she remains CEO and chief investment officer of GM Asset Management, positions she has held since February 2014 and July 2013, respectively. Learn More, 
Dhivya Suryadevara	title	Chief Investment Officer	Dhivya Suryadevara Vice President Finance and TreasurerCEOand Chief Investment Officer GM Asset Management Dhivya Suryadevara was named vice president, Finance and Treasurer, on July 1, 2015. In addition to this role, she remains CEO and chief investment officer of GM Asset Management, positions she has held since February 2014 and July 2013, respectively. Learn More, 
Jill Sutton	title	Corporate Secretary	Jill Sutton,  Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions, 
Jill Sutton	title	Deputy General Counsel	Jill Sutton,  Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions, 
Jill Sutton	employee_of	Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions	Jill Sutton,  Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel, Corporate, Finance & Strategic Transactions, 
Jeffrey A. Taylor	title	Deputy General Counsel	Jeffrey A. Taylor,  Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
Jeffrey A. Taylor	title	Chief Compliance Officer	Jeffrey A. Taylor,  Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
Jeffrey A. Taylor	title	Chief Compliance Officer Jeffrey A. Taylor was named Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer	Jeffrey A. Taylor Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Jeffrey A. Taylor was named Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officerin April, 2016. In his role, Taylor has overall responsibility for GM’s ethics and compliance program, and supports GM’s business operations and leadership team in driving business success through an organizational culture committed to integrity, ethical conduct, vehicle safety and compliance with the law and company policies. Learn More, 
Thomas S. Timko	title	Vice President	Thomas S. Timko,  Vice President Controller & Chief Accounting Officer 
Thomas S. Timko	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Thomas S. Timko,  Vice President Controller & Chief Accounting Officer 
Thomas S. Timko	title	Vice President	Thomas S. Timko Vice President Controller & Chief Accounting OfficerTom Timko joined General Motors as vice president, controller and chief accounting officer in March 2013. Timko provides global leadership and oversight for external reporting, technical accounting matters, development of accounting policies, internal controls and the consolidations process. Learn More, 
Thomas S. Timko	title	Chief Accounting Officer	Thomas S. Timko Vice President Controller & Chief Accounting OfficerTom Timko joined General Motors as vice president, controller and chief accounting officer in March 2013. Timko provides global leadership and oversight for external reporting, technical accounting matters, development of accounting policies, internal controls and the consolidations process. Learn More, 
Matt Tsien	title	Executive Vice President	Matt Tsien,  GM Executive Vice Presidentand President GM China, 
Matt Tsien	title	President	Matt Tsien,  GM Executive Vice Presidentand President GM China, 
Matt Tsien	title	Executive Vice President	Matt Tsien GM Executive Vice Presidentand President GM China Matthew (Matt) Tsien was appointed GM executive vice president and president of GM China in January 2014. Based in Shanghai, he oversees the day-to-day operations of GM’s business in China, including its 11 joint ventures. Learn More, 
Matt Tsien	title	President	Matt Tsien GM Executive Vice Presidentand President GM China Matthew (Matt) Tsien was appointed GM executive vice president and president of GM China in January 2014. Based in Shanghai, he oversees the day-to-day operations of GM’s business in China, including its 11 joint ventures. Learn More, 
Ed Welburn	title	Vice President	Ed Welburn,  Vice President Global Design, 
Ed Welburn	title	Vice President	Ed Welburn Vice President Global Design Ed Welburn was named vice president, Global Design, in March 2005. Previously he was GM vice president, North America Design, since 2003, only the sixth Design leader in GM history. Welburn leads the company’s global design centers and is a member of the company’s Executive Leadership Team (ELT). Learn More, 
